Customer called earlier that day to get his charge waived because he never received anything in the mail explaining his situation to him. He wanted to talk to a supervisor because he felt that the Rep wasn't being cooperative and hung up after being put on hold for too long and he wanted to call back to try again. New Rep was able to put a waive on his current charges until he received the reprint of the bill that he ordered for him while he was on the phone. 
Customer had called in originally because she said that she had made a payment arrangement to keep her services on and they were disconnected. Rep explained that she was at day 59 out of the 55 day grace period so they wouldn't be turned back on until she paid the minimum balance. Customer left upset and called back for the same issue but she was curious why the minimum balance due had increased. The Rep explained that it was because the new bill for the month had generated. Customer left upset again.
Customer called the day before to change her service package because she lost some of her services that she had access to previously. The Rep explained that it was due to her leaving her TWC package and transitioning to Spectrum. That Rep lost connection to her so the customer was calling back to try again. The new Rep was able to get her a new bill that she was satisfied with.
Customer called the night before to get his services back online after they were turned off due to late payment even though he claimed that he spoke with a Rep earlier about extending the due date. He never got his issue resolved so he called back the next day to get it resolved. The second Rep was unable help him get his services back until he pays off his bill. 
Customer called the day before to get her bill straighted out (she was being charged for more services than she owned) and the Rep recommended that she look for the serial number and call back so she did to have the second Rep help her locate it. Then the customer thanked her and ended the call.
Customer called 3 times prior, she has 5 cable boxes, 2 do not work and she is getting mixed information as to the cost and workability of her remaining boxes. Rep assured her that her boxes worked for her cable and her cost would go up to $180 a month 
Customer had called the night before to update her account so that her husband could call in as an authorized user and obtain information about her account regarding billing and pricing and she wanted to make sure that it had been updated. They also wanted to remove phone and cable and leave internet only. Rep was able to clarify that it was updated and she transferred to a specialist to handle the remainder of their questions.
Customer had called the night before to get her internet running but Rep told her that since she had owed money on her bill recently and that she had paid it just a few days prior it was now in quarantine so she would need to call back in the morning to get service reactivated. New Rep reactivated her internet.
Customer had called the night before to update her bill because she thought it looked incorrect but she realized the next morning that there was a mix up on her end so she needed to fix the status of her bill with the appropriate information. Rep updated the appropriate information.
Customer called the night before to check on her bill increase and the Rep got her to switch from from TWC to Spectrum for a lower cost with a free box for a year. She called back the next day because she was being charged a larger bill than her initial bill before transferring services and was being charged for the cable box when it was supposed to be free for a year. The second Rep explained that the first Rep was mistaken and with the services that the customer ordered she would have a greater cost but that she would have a slight reduction in cost with a free box for a year once the extra TV box that she had removed during the first call was removed from her account.
Customer called the day before because he sent in the check for his bill and received a notification from his bank that it bounced and wanted to check to see if it actually bounced one the company's end. This Rep told him that the check had not bounced back yet. He called back the next day to double check if it had bounced back. The second Rep gave the same response. The customer ended up calling back the next day to check again and the next Rep told him that it went through. He called back on the 23rd for the same issue to see if the company had re-attempted to enter the check yet. That Rep explained that they hadn't but that they likely would the next day or two.
Customer called the night before to negotiate his current plan or the current price of his plan and couldn't reach a satisfactory agreement so he called back the next day to try again. The second Rep was unable to reach an aggreement with him (customer claimed that at some point the Retention department mentioned that they would be able to get him a reduction in bill) so he transferred him to back to Retention. Retention eventually resolved the issue by getting him a deal that he was satisfied with.
Customer called the day before and updated his credit card information on his accounts and made a few payments on his accounts. He called back the next day because he wanted to make sure that the auto-pay had been updated on his accounts as well. He also wanted to see if he could get the bounce-back charges on his accounts waived since he has never missed a payment. The Rep assured him that the auto-pay on his accounts were updated and he waived the bounce-back charges.
Customer had the called the night before to upgrade her account and schedule a service tech but the Rep said she would need the husbands authorization. The customer said that her husband was diseased. Rep explained that she would need to get this updated in one of their facilities so the customer left angry. Customer's husband then called in somehow about a half hour later, upgraded his services and had a service tech scheduled but the service tech never came. The customer's wife called back again the next day to check on the status of the service tech. That Rep said that no service tech was scheduled and that she would need the husbands authorization to do that so the customer left to call her husband.
Customer called the night before because her account was labeled dilinquent in payment but she said that she paid for it the Friday before that date. She checked with her bank and they said that the payment that she sent went through so she was double checking to make sure it had. The Rep said that she couldn't locate the payment so she is having someone from another department look into it which could take up to a week.
Customer called the night before to get her account set up as a paperless account and when she tried to set it up online it wouldn’t go through so she called back to get help. The billing Rep transferred her to tech support to help walk her through how to get that set up.
Customer called two nights prior to extend payment date and the agent explained that she would need to call back every day to get services reactivated until her payment was made. She called back the next day and explained the situation and get a ping sent to her router. She called back again the next day and the Rep did the same thing. She made her payment the following day.
Customer called the night before to get his streaming service downgraded to only local channels and called again because he only had premium channels and no local channels when he looked in the morning. The second Rep saw that he should already have his desired channels so she transferred him to tech support to look into it.
Customer called the night before to let them know that she would be paying her bill on a specific date and the Rep told her that if she made the payment on that date she wouldn’t have her services deactivated. Customer called back the next day because her internet stopped working. The Rep said that issue wasn't billing related and tried to send a signal to it but it didn't work so he sent her to an Internet Repair Rep.
Customer had increased her total internet speed and she wanted to know why her bill increased. Rep had to transfer her to Tier 3 because the customer didn't have the proper information to verify her account. When the customer spoke with that Rep she had the same billing issues but she wanted to know if she could receive credit on her account for her internet/phone being out of service. That Rep couldn’t help her with her billing issues so he had to transfer her back to Billing. That Rep wouldn't credit the account because the customer was having a service tech come to her home later in the week and she wanted to wait until her services were back up and running so that she could get the full credit. The customer called back later that morning because her internet/phone got back online so she wanted to cancel the tech order and get the credit on her account. The Rep was able to cancel the tech order and credit the account.
Customer received a balance on his account and he wanted to make sure it was correct. Customer also got a new TV Box that was set up but the channels were not coming up after 15 mins. The Rep was able to verify the customers account balance and couldn't get a signal sent to the TV Box so he transferred the call to tech support who wasn't able to get the issue resolved and sent a service tech. Customer called back to update the information on his account because of the error on his balance being mixed up with his fathers account and he also wanted to authorize his father as an additional user and he wanted to make sure that the service tech was still coming. Rep was able to help the customer with all of his issues. 
Customer called because her phone number changed and she wanted to make sure that Charter had the correct information. She also had a few questions related to security on her account because her computer was hacked. Rep confirmed the correct phone number and transferred her to Tech Support to check on her security. She called back later that day because she was continuing to experience issues with her phone (one had to do with her number and the other had to do with her voicemail). The new Rep found that her number was linked to both her new and her old accounts and that it should be removed from her old account to work properly. The Rep then transferred her to a Phone Repair Rep to help with her voicemail issues.
Customer called earlier to pay part of her bill and wanted to down-grade her package. The Rep transferred her to Retention who updated her package and transferred her to the automated billing line. Customer called to back for the same issue but wanted to change payment total. The Rep transferred her to the automated system. Customer called back a third time to just have the Rep do the payment and he did.
Customer called earlier because her cable was shut off because her bill was past due and she wanted to push the due date so that it could be restored. The Rep said that she couldn't do that at that time and the customer said she would call back. Customer called back and paid the necessary amount to get services restored. Customer called back a few hours later because she made a payment on her bill but her cable wasn't restored. The Rep sent a hit to her TV box and her cable was restored.
Customer called in earlier with questions about his bill ( he wanted to potentially upgrade his internet speed service and to potentially downgrade his TV services). The Rep answered his downgrade questions and transferred him to an Internet Repair Rep who was able to help him upgrade his internet speed. Customer called back again to upgrade his internet speed even higher. Rep transferred him to billing so that they could explain the price increases of his products by committing to the upgrade. The billing Rep was able explain costs and was about to upgrade his internet but the customer became unresponsive and she hung up.
Customer had called in to because she didn’t have access to certain channels that she believed she would have when she changed her package. The Rep transferred her to the department that she worked with when she initially set up the plan. That Rep was in the process of working with her and eventually disconnected from her. Customer called back for the same issue after she was disconnected from the last Rep. The third Rep was able to help her manage her plan so that she could have the channels she wanted back.
Customer called in a few hours early asking for an extension on her bill but she didn’t have the right verification code so she called back when she had the proper info. The second Rep was able to extend her bill.
Customer had called in earlier in the day to check to see if his service would be interrupted because he wasn't sure if his payment would go through due to his bank not being open for a holiday. The Rep recommended that he try to make the payment and call back later to see if the payment would go through. Customer called back again for the same issue and the Rep recommended that he use a pre-paid visa card to pay for his services since his bank was closed. Customer called back again to make payment and call was disconnected. Customer called back a fourth time to try and make the payment again and finally succeeded. 
Customer had called in earlier because she was trying to lower her bill. Rep explained pricing options and customer chose to go online and talk to her son about available options. Customer called back after attempting to look up information on the website and she was curious why her bill increased. The Rep discussed pricing options again describing that she already has the most cost effective plan for her needs and sent her an email with more information. Customer left to consider.
Customer called into billing to get set up with a self-install, that Rep transferred her to a Service Rep within 60 seconds of communication, that Rep wasn't able to assist because he hadn’t been trained in self-installation so he transferred her to another Service Rep, that Rep had to transfer her to another Billing Rep to cancel the self-install work order so that she could obtain a signal, that Rep couldn't help her obtain picture after cancelling her work order so she transferred to another service tech to reboot the equipment. She was transferred again to two more Service Reps before her issue was resolved. The ended up scheduling a Service Tech.
Customer had called in multiple times in the days prior with issues regarding his seasonal package and couldn't get the issues resolved because the Reps kept putting orders in to have seasonal Reps contact him and they never did. Customer called in earlier in the day to try to get those issues resolved again and the Rep couldn't help him so he immediately called back to speak with another Rep. The new Rep was able to explain what had occurred in the prior calls and the customer was so frustrated that he decided to just leave his services the way they were already set up because he felt it wasn't worth calling in the amount of times he had. The Rep apologized and gave him suggestions for the future that he respected and said that he would consider.
Customer had called in the night before to check on the status of his bill because he received a call that immediate action was required but he had yet to receive any emails regarding late fees or due dates. Rep told him that he was being charged for the past due balance and he was adament that he never received any statements so she re-setup his email and said that she would send him his bill. Customer called back because he still hadn't received any emails. Rep explained that the previous Rep didn't put the email in correctly, adjusted it, and had him pay over the phone but his card didn't go through so he had to call his bank and call back. 
Customer had called in the night before because he wanted to know why his bill had gone up and he was trying to get the bill back down. He asked the Rep to take a look into his account bill and give him a call back in a few minutes and she said she would. The Customer called back the next day because he never received a callback so he was calling back to get information. The Rep said that Billing Reps aren't allowed to send outbound calls and that the previous Rep put notes down that contradicted what happened on the actual call. The new Rep also tried to explain that the Customers current plan was the most economical unless he was willing to downgrade his equipment. Customer said that he would call back and try to find another Rep that could help him and hung up the phone.
Customer had called in the night before because her the payment was higher than usual. The Rep explained that the last payment that she had tried to make didn't go through and put a ticket in to have her fee waived and the customer left to contact her bank. The Customer called back after she checked in with her bank and found out that the payment didn't go through and the Rep told her that it was because the bank number she used was incorrect. Customer was transferred to automated system to make payment.
Customer had called in the night before because her bill increased and she wanted to see if she could transition to a new promotion. Rep couldn’t find another promotion because of the transition from TWC so he tried to see if there was anything that she could do to decrease her bill but couldn't find anything. Customer called back the next day to see if she could try to resolve the same issue again. The second Rep was able to address other options and the customer left more informed than before.
Customers lawyer had called in the day before to pay her bill using a different checking account and set up automatic pay. The Customers daughter called in the next day because she handles her bills and she hadn't been receiving her mothers bills and wanted to change the account status back from what her lawyer had set it up as because he was under the direction of the Customer who has dimensia. The Rep was able to resolve the issues. 
Customer had called in the night before to see if she could extend the due date of her bill and the Rep couldn’t extend it. The Customer said that she would submit the payment online before it got reactivated. Customer called back the next day because she wanted to see if there was a card on file because the automated system didn't recognize her current card. Rep asked for information on her card but she didn't have it with her so she had to call back when she did. Customer ended up calling back later to pay past due amount.
Customer had called in earlier to see why her monthly bill had increased. The Rep explained that she had added the streaming service to her account and the customer explained that she didn't order the service and that she even called to make sure that it wasn't added to her monthly bill so the Rep transferred her to Retention to get the issue resolved. That Rep explained that she couldn't find the call where she deactivated the streaming service, there were no notes on the calls describing that she had the services removed, and that she signed her bill paying for the service previously. The Customer reacted aggressively insulting the company and the Rep and hung up the phone. The Customer called back later that day to attempt to get the same issue resolved again and she was also experiencing issues with her internet. The next Rep was able make contact with someone who could try and identify the call issue and the Rep was able to get the fees waived for the streaming service and fixed the internet issues from the past due amount.
Customer had called in multiple times earlier because he was curious why his bill was higher than normal when he believed that he had made the payment on it. He called back because the billing Rep he was working with was looking up his account and got disconnected. The new Rep was able to identify and resolve the issue in his bill.
Customer had called in the day before to verify what his balance was and when his bill was due because he made a payment shown on his statement that TWC wasn't able to locate so the Rep told him that he needed to talk to his bank to make sure that the payments were being sent to the right account. The customer called back the next day and said that he found out from his bank that one of his checks bounced back but he wasn't sure why and wanted to find out where he stood. The second Rep helped him locate the issue, tell him what his next bill date was and the customer was able to make a payment to zero out his account.
Customer had called in the day before to extend the due date of her bill so that her services wouldn’t be deactivated. The Rep assurred her that she would be fine if she paid by the extension date. Customers husband called back the next day because their services weren't working but the Rep reassurred him that his services weren't supposed to be deactivated and that he likely just had internet and cable notifications that needed to be clicked on to continue services until the payment is made. 
Customer called earlier because his services were deactivated but he never gave an account number and was aggressive towards Rep so she pulled the plug. He called back and someone else took the phone from him to check on the status of their services. The new Rep said that they were past due on their bill and that their services wouldn't be reactivated until they made their payment.
Customer called the day before to change her plan to seasonal. Rep was unable to discontinue her plan because she was locked in on the seasonal date from the year before. Customer called back a few minutes later to see if there was anything they could do to change the dates of the seasonal plan. The second Rep was able to help her transition her plan.
Customer called earlier that day because he received a call a few days prior from someone claiming to be from Charter requesting payment for a past due amount even though he had paid his bill already so he wanted to call to check if it was legitimate. He called again because he received another similar phone call not long after he got off the phone with the previous Rep. The new Rep saw that he did have a past due amount that needed to be paid but he claimed that he cancelled his services so that shouldn't be the case. That Rep saw that his services weren't listed as cancelled. It turned out that he had been paying bills on his old account not his new one so the Rep filled a credit form so that he could receive a credit back for the amount he was charged and the customer said that he would have the billing information transitioned to new account on his end. 
Customer called the day before because he was curious why his bill increased. The Rep couldn’t give him any information because the customer didn’t have enough information to validate his account. He called back the next day when he had that info with the same question. The second Rep explained that his bill increased because his promotion expired. Customer claimed that he wasn't aware that his pricing was based on a promotion. The Rep explained that his bill has a discount labeled on it and gave him a breakdown of the current and previous costs.
Customer called to remove her phone service. That Rep transferred her to Retention to assist her. Customer immediately called back because as soon as she got off the phone her TV services quit working when she only wanted her phone service deactivated. The second Rep transferred her to Video Serivces to assist her.
Customer called the day before because she accidentally paid her bill for the wrong date and wanted to make sure that her services were covered for that day. The Rep assurred her that she was fine until the next day. Customer called back the next day because her services were cut off and she thought that her services were supposed to stay on until midnight. Rep said that she couldn't get the services reactivated until the payment was made and the customer left upset.
Customer called because he wanted make sure that his services wouldn't be put on hold due to his bill being paid late. That Rep was unable to garuntee that his services wouldn't be turned off. He called back again a few minutes later but was unresponsive so the Rep had to end the call. 
Customer called earlier and downgraded his service package but forgot to ask a few questions regarding his bill so he called back twice to get his questions answered.
Customer (former employee) called the day before because her services were shut off due to her bill status being labeled past due when she claimed to have made her payment. Rep transferred her to a Retention Rep to help her identify her issue. Customer was transferred 4 more times and each Rep said the same thing, that her services couldn't be re-activated until she paid the past due amount so she said she would like to disconnect her services and hung up. The customer called back the next day to get her gold package re-activated. That Rep said that he could do that but that he would need to have her pay her past due balance first. Customer said that she was told by the Rep the day before that she would be able to have the package re-activated because she already made the payment. The Rep said that the payment bounced back. Customer wasn't satisfied so she had the Rep transfer her to Rention.
Customer had called the night before to confirm that a payment had been made on her bill and that they should be receiving it. That Rep explained that that was fine and that her services should be fine. She called back the next day because her cable and internet weren't working. That Rep was able to varify that it wasn't due to billing issues and she sent her to TV support.
Customer had called the night before to reactivate his seasonal plan which was shut off when he left for a time and the Rep told him that she would call back in an hour to confirm its reactivation and never did. He called back again to get it activated and that Rep was able to help him get his services activated.
Customer had called a few times the day before because he wanted to get rid of some of his services. He got disconnected but he called back and some of the Reps that he spoke with then were able to help him. He called back again the next day because wanted to adjust that plan and he wanted to get reconnected to their department so that they can help him. The new Rep was able to transfer his call to right department who were able to get everything straightened out.
Customer had called the night before because she was having issues connecting to the internet but that her bill wasn't due yet. Rep explained that they hadn’t deactivated internet. Customers husband called back regarding the same issue and the Rep transferred him to another billing site for tech support. The last Rep was able to schedule a truck roll for internet issues.
Customer received services that she never ordered and wanted to call in to see what had occurred. The second Rep confirmed that the customers mother had called in and ordered the services. The customer was angry with the original Rep because she explained that her mother has dimensia and that she is an unauthorized user who never should have been able to varify her. The second Rep sent information to management regarding the issue and put in a restriction on the customers mother.
Customer had called the night before asking about why her bill had gone up and she got frustrated with her and hung up the phone so she wanted to try again. The second Rep was able help her identify her current package and the other packages available to her and she left to consider her options.
Customer called the night before and added services but wanted to call back and get more information on the package she ordered in terms of pricing and content. Rep was able to explain everything in full and customer left to continue her current service but to consider her options.
Customer called the night before to get general account and billing information straightened out after the company contacted him earlier asking for bill to be paid when he believed that she had paid it off. Rep submitted a request for more info on whether there had been a payment update on the customers account. Customer called later and claimed that the previous Rep was able to help with billing information by saying that she was going to get him $40 back but couldn’t make some of the updates on the account because he wasn't authorized to do so and his wife who was the primary authorized user wasn't present. He called back to see if the billing updates occurred. Rep couldn't locate where previous Rep made any changes and said that he could only find an active late fee and the customer agreed to pay it.
Customers mother had called the morning before to pay half of the customers bill. The customer called back the next day to complete the payment on her account.
Customer had called in a few weeks prior because she had received a phone call from a lawyer and she wanted to know if she could get a copy of a bill from a previous month so the Rep submitted a request have that information processed and said that another Rep would call her back to finalize the process. Customer called back to check on the status of the request but needed to callback because she didn't have the right information to verify her account. The next time she called in the Rep said that they would only be able to get her the info for the last 6 months. The customer requested the info for that time and said that she would call back to order those forms.
Customer called because he was curious why his bill increased and asked for options on how to lower it. The Rep was able to answer his questions but needed to transfer him so that he could have his TV services downgraded. That Rep was able to offer him a new promotion and sent him to the automated billing service to pay his past due balance before he would be able to get those services set up. He called back because he had issues with the automated system. That Rep gave him more info on how to work with the automated system as well as info on other options for how to pay the bill and eventually transferred the customer back to the automated system. 
Customer was supposed to have an appointment with a service tech and wanted to let them know that she would be late getting to her home and not to leave and she got disconnected from that Rep so she was calling back regarding the same issue. The second Rep was able to make note of it so that the customer wouldn't experience any issues.
Customer received a promotion regarding internet assist in the mail and wanted more information. The Rep said that the customer would need to qualify for that promotion and gave her the details on how to apply (gave her a phone number to call). The customer called back about 15 minutes later with questions regarding the analog to digital transition (she wanted to keep analog). The Rep assured her that as long as she didn't make any changes to her account she wouldn't need to transition.
Customer wanted to he wanted to refund the payment that he processed the day before and cancel the services because he couldn’t afford the payments. The customer also wanted to have the devices to be deactivated and picked up by a service tech. The Rep said that he couldn’t refund the payment because it had already been processed so he submitted an escalation to have the payment reversed when they were able to. The Rep transferred the customer to Retention to schedule the services to be cancelled and to schedule the service tech. The Retention Rep was able to stop a truck roll by explaining that the customer could just return the services to the store. That Rep was also partly able to save the customer by having them keep internet and just cancel cable. The customer called back to make sure he wouldn't be charged for the services that he cancelled. The Rep discovered that the customer was still being charged because the previous Rep didn't finish that part of the process. Rep transferred the call to another Retention Rep so that the customer could cancel services to avoid payment issues. That Rep couldn't assist because the customer didn't have the proper verification.
Customer called in previously to get his account number so that he could make a payment later and the Rep gave it to him. The customer called back again to make a payment and the call disconnected. Customer called back into the wrong department and the Rep transferred him to billing but that call disconnected as well. Customer called back to check if his bill had been paid and the Rep transferred him to the automated system because his original bill payment didn't go through resulting in a remaining balance. Customer continued to call back with billing issues (automated system issues and his bank account was active even though the payment kept bouncing back). That Rep was able to help him resolve the issue (customer left to pay the bill at the Spectrum store free of charge allowing him to get reimbursed).
Customer wanted the address and phone number of her local Spectrum office. The Rep was able to give her that information. The customer called back again to get the phone number of the same store because the phone number she received was an 800 number. The Rep explained that there isn't a standard number and assisted her by providing information on the devices that she would need to return to the store which was the issue that she wanted her local Spectrum store to resolve.
Initial call disconnected before the customer was able to explain her issue. She called back because she was curious why her bill increased. Rep explained that she was under a promotion and that promotion ended so she was rolled over into another promotion that was more expensive but was still the best price available so the customer decided to look around for more services in her area. Customer called back for the exact same reason (Rep shopping) and the Rep transferred her to Retention to see if they could assist her. The Retention Rep broke down the customers pricing options and the customer decided to have them call back later after she talked to her husband.
Customer was curious why her bill increased and she wanted to change her plan if it wasn't going to change because her promotion wasn't over yet. The Rep had to escalate the issue because the customer insisted that the changes weren't valid and she wouldn't pay them. The Retention Rep was in the middle of assisting the customer and the call disconnected so the customer called back to be reconnected to the previous Rep for the same issue. The Rep couldn't get her so he transferred her to another Retention Rep. That Rep as able to explain the customers billing issues and gave advice on how to handle the bill most efficiently saving the customer.
Customer called in multiple times and immediately disconnected without speaking every time.
Customer was curious why her bill increased and the Rep explained that she was under a promotion that expired. The customer wanted to be connected to someone who could help her and she wanted to have her fee waived and the Rep told her she couldn't waive the fee or transfer her to another department because there wasn't anything else available to her but that she could transfer her to another department to disconnect her services. Customer called back again for the same issue because she was disconnected in the transfer. The second Rep said the same thing. Customer was really wanting to have her fee waived so she had the Rep create an escalation ticket to see if someone else could waive it for her.
Customer called to see what options were available to him restore his services. Rep explained that he would need to pay his bill in order to get his services turned back on. Customer decided to make minimum required payment over the phone but his account was restricted so he couldn't make a payment over the phone. Rep explained how the customer could make a payment and restore his services. The customer called back twice to make small payments on his bill to cut down on his past due amount.
Customer wanted to know more about a promotion he heard about. Rep transferred his call to billing who told him the promotion was for new customer accounts only. The customer called back for the same reason (Rep shopping) and that Rep told him the same thing so he wanted to disconnect his services so she transferred him to Retention who saved the call. Customer ended up calling back again a few times for the same reasons and got the same responses from Reps.
Customer called because her services were disconnected even though she submitted a payment. She also accumulated a fee from a bounce-back and she couldn't get the money back from her bank so she wanted to know what she needed to do to fix the issue and get the bounce-back fee reimbursed. Rep told her that she would need to talk to her bank and the customer told her that she already so the Rep had to transfer her to escalations because she couldn't resolve the issue. The escalations Rep explained the situation but couldn't perform the refund so the customer wanted to cancel her services and scheduled a tech to pick up her equipment. The customer called back because she wanted to know how much she would need to pay to get her services back online. Rep explained the cost and the customer wanted to talk to a Sup so the Rep transferred her to a escalations (same Sup as before) who explained the same thing and the customer said to come pick up the cable and hung up the phone.
Customer called because he got a call from Spectrum regarding his bill and he wanted to see why. The Rep explained that he was past due but he didn't know why because he set up auto-pay and received a confirmation. The Rep said that there wasn't an auto-pay on file so the customer made a payment and reset his auto-pay. The customer also had issues receiving bills at his address and called back to get his account information straightened out so that there wouldn't be any issues in the future. The Rep was able to help the customer get straightened out. The Rep explained that he needed to activate his account online and that was one of the primary issues. The customer activated his account online and made a payment.
Customer wanted to know what her minimum balance due was and she also wanted to make a payment. The Rep told her how much her bill was and transferred her to the automated system to make a payment. The customer called back because the automated system wasn't working and she wanted to make a payment with a live Rep. That Rep was able to process her payment.
The first call from the customer was dead air on both ends. The customer called the second time to see why she was receiving calls regarding a past due amount when she believed that she had made all of her payments. The Rep was able to see that the customer was past due and was able to explain why she was experiencing the increase.
Customer called in to check on the status of his bill after he claimed that he spoke with another Billing Rep who promised his bill would be lowered due to issues with service installation. Rep told him that he received a reimbursement but that due to the cost of his DVR box the bill would still be pretty similar. The customer called back with the same issue as well as questions regarding a savings card that he received in the mail. That Rep believed the issues to be regional and transferred him to a Sales department in his region to be processed. The Sales Rep transferred him to another Billing Rep who was able to answer all of his questions.
Customer called because her services were disconnected and she didn’t know why. The Rep noticed that the customers services were disconnected due to lack of full payment on the customers last bill. The Customer wanted to make the payment so the Rep transferred her to the automated system upon request. The customer called back a few minutes later because she was having issues with the automated system. That Rep was able to process her payment and waive her fee due to her having issues.
Customer called in to cancel his internet services. Billing Rep transferred him to Retention who attempted to save the customer and was unable to keep the customers internet service but was able to upgrade his cable. The customer called back a few hours later for the same issue but the call disconnected. The Billing Rep transferred him to another Retention Rep who couldn't assist because the customer was unable verify the account.
Customer wanted to be transferred to someone in the Retention Department so that she could negotiate her bill which became too high for her. The Rep attempted to transfer the customer to someone in that department. The customer called back for the same issue because the transfer got disconnected. The second Rep wouldn't transfer the customer to Retention because he said that Retention doesn't exist and told her that the Specialist department only performs cancellations and they don't perform price changes. Customer wanted to talk to a Sup and the Rep attempted to transfer the call but it also got disconnected.
Customer was calling to check on the minimum payment she would need to make to restore her deactivated services. The Customer also wanted to know if she could do a future payment acceptance. The Rep was able to tell her what the minimum required payment was but was unable to do process a future payment acceptance because Spectrum/TWC no longer allows that. The customer called back for the same issue (Rep shopping) and the Rep gave the same response.
Customer wanted to know why her bill increased after she transferred her services from one location to another and if she could reduce it. The Rep explained that her promotion was reduced when she transferred locations and that there weren't any other promotions available to her at that time. The customer called back a few minutes later for the same issue (Rep shopping). That Rep said the same thing.
Customer called in to decrease the amount of boxes that were supposed to be installed at his home later that day. The Rep was able to make the adjustment. The customer called back because he was supposed to confirm his service appointment over the phone and he accidentally hung up before confirming. The Rep was able to assure him that the service tech was still coming and that he didn't do anything wrong
Customer called in to set up auto-pay on her account and to see if she could pay on a specific date. The Rep was able to set up auto-pay on her account and verified that her services wouldn't be deactivated on that date. The customer called back because her internet got disconnected before that date and the second Rep told her that she would need to make a payment to turn it back on. The customer said she would just wait with her services off until she could make the payment. 
Customer was calling in to check on the status of an account for his elderly mother-in-law because her services got disconnected; He also wanted to set up email notifications. Rep explained that he was overdue on his payment and the customer made a payment that was to be processed later that night. The Rep also set up email notifications on the customers account. The customer called back a few minutes later because he wanted to make sure he had the payment total correct. The Rep was able to clarify the payment amount and the remaining balance.
Customer called in intially because she wanted to make a payment on her overdue balance to get her services reactivated. The Rep told her how much she would need to spend to reactivate the services and the customer was upset and hung up. Customer called back later and the call immediately disconnected.
Customer called because she received a past due balance and she had a few questions regarding the fee to process the payment because she was confused by the automated system. The Rep was able to answer her questions and transferred her back to the automated system. The customer called back because she had another question about her bill. The second Rep was also able to answer her question.
The first call from the customer was dead air on both ends. The customer called the second time to see why his bill increased. The Rep explained the reason for the increase was a change in plan and offered another plan for a lower price. Customer left to consider his options
Customers friend had called in on her behalf initially because her bill was so high and he wanted to get her a new promotion applied. The Rep was unable to locate a package better than the one she has currently been rolled into so the caller requested to speak to a supervisor. The Sup essentially said the same thing so he left to consider the customers options. He called back a few mins later because he noticed that the customer was being charged for a DVR box and she wanted to remove it from her services. The Rep was able to help them remove the DVR from their plan.
Customer wanted an extension on her payment date. The Rep explained that the customers services wouldn’t be interrupted if she paid by a certain date but that he couldn't extend the date any further. Customer called back to see if she needed to return her service boxes or keep them since she was moving. Customer also had more questions about her past due bill payment requirement date. The Rep explained that she would need to return her service boxes and get new ones when she moved. Rep was also able to answer all of her questions regarding her past due bill payment date requirements.
Customer had questions regarding his past due amount to see if the information was accurate. Rep explained that the customer was past due because his previous payment didn’t go through and he left to contact his bank for further clarification. The customer called back to resolve the same issue, wanted a reversal on his bounce-back fee, and wanted to make another payment. That Rep explained that the reason why he experienced the mistake was probably due to inaccurately putting in his information and was able to credit his account for the charge of the inaccurate process. The Rep didn't process his other payment because she couldn't waive that fee and the customer wanted to do it online to avoid paying for a live agent.
Customer called in to add channels to her lineup but was disconnected. Customer called back to get connected to the same Rep and she got disconnected again. The customer called back a third time for the exact same issue and was disconnected a third time.
Customer needed to program her new TV remote. The Rep transferred her to the TV Repair Department without saying anything to the customer. The TV Repair Rep was unable to help the customer get her TV remote to work so he scheduled a Service Tech to come out and retrieve the equipment and cancel the customers services. The customer called back again for the same issue (Rep Shopping) and the Rep transferred her to the Repair department again. The second Repair Rep was unable to help the customer due to an issue with her TV itself so the customer just told him that she would just have the Service Tech pick up the equipment the next day.
Customer wanted to see what she could do to lower her bill and she was also experiencing issues with her internet services. The Rep couldn’t find a plan that fit the customers needs so the customer talked about cancelling her services but still wanted to be transferred to internet support. Customer hung up the phone before transfer could be fully processed and called back into billing to make changes on her account. That Rep was able to downgrade the customers account and transferred her to repair to fix her internet issues. The internet repair Rep was in the process of helping the customer with her internet connection issues and got disconnected.
Customer wanted to know what day his bill is due and how much he owed because he received a call stating that they would be shutting his services off if he didn’t pay the amount. The Rep was in the process of answering his questions and the call disconnected. The customer called back for the same issue and the Rep was able to answer all of his questions.
Customer wanted to give his wife access to be an authorized user. The customer also wanted to get his wifi working again. The Rep was unable to get the customer authorized because he didn’t have the account number so he said they would call back when they had it. The Rep then transferred the customer to Internet Repair to help him get his wifi working again. The Repair Rep couldn't assist because the router wasn't a Spectrum router and it didn't have any of the information listed on the bottom of it so she couldn't access the information within it so she gave the customer the Sisco support number. The customer called back later to get his wife authorized and the Rep was able to get her authorized.
Customer wanted to know how much she needed to pay to turn on her services and she also wanted to make a payment. The Rep was able to tell her how much she needed to pay and took her payment. The customer called back because her services never came back on. The Repair Rep transferred her to the billing department to get services restored. The billing Rep the customer spoke with was unable to get the services activated because she noticed that the order was noted as pending so it could take awhile to turn back on. The customer ended up calling back later that night for the same issue and that Rep was able to get her services reactivated.
Customer wanted to become a new customer and the service tech that she had come to install the services couldn’t because of a conflict in the services already installed at her current property and the she wanted to know what she could do to get the services activated or cancelled if they couldn't assist. The Rep transferred her to Charter because she was supposedly a Charter customer. The customer called back into TWC a few minutes later for the same issue and wanted to be transferred to Charter because she kept calling in and getting pulled into TWC. The customer also wanted to know if a second that she owned was cancelled out. The Rep she spoke with attempted to help and transferred her to a Sales Rep to get the situation straightened out. The Sales Rep was in the process of helping and the call disconnected.
Customer wanted to know if there is a late charge currently on her bill and if she could make a payment. The customer also wanted to know if she had automatic pay and how to set it up. The Rep told her she didn’t have a late charge or automatic pay so she set her up with automatic pay and then transferred her to the automated system to make a payment. The customer called back a few minutes later to get the confirmation number from the payment she made with the automated system. The Rep was able to give it to her.
Customer wanted to know where she could pick up her equipment for her new account because she never received an address. The Rep told her the store location and made her an authorized user on the account so that she could pick up the equipment. The customer called back to have her equipment shipped to her. The Rep had to transfer the customer to Sales because she was unable to process the order. The Sales Rep offered to process the customers order but she said it would take too long and decided to go to another store to try and pick the equipment up there.
Customer's issue wasn't stated because she was a Charter customer and the Reps had to transfer her to Charter both times.
Customer wanted to remove certain channels from her lineup, wanted to know how to set up parental controls on her TV services, and wanted to downgrade her phone. The Rep was able to remove the channels, explain how to set up parental controls, and transferred the call to Retention to remove her phone services. The Retention Rep explained that the customer would lose money by switching out of her triple play. The customer left upset and immediately called back into billing and for the same issue (Rep Shopping). The second Billing Rep said the same thing and the customer left upset.
Customer wanted to know if he still had a balance due on his account that he closed out because there was a change in credit agency that the payment was made through. The Rep explained that there was still a balance on his account. The customer called back for the same issue and wanted to make a payment. The Rep answered his questions and took his payment. The customer was interested in renewing his services so the Rep transferred him to a Sales Rep.
Customer wanted to know if she would be able to pay her bill without the services being turned off as of a certain date and also wanted the account payment date notated. The Rep told her that her services would remain on if she paid as of that date and told her the date that the services are scheduled to be turned off. The customer called back because the initial call disconnected and she wanted to make sure that the account was notated. The Rep was able to notate the account.
Customer wanted to know if he had an account and which company his services were with. Rep was attempting to assist and the customer disconnected. The customer called back for the same issue and he also wanted to know why his bill increased and how he could lower it. The Rep was able to validate the account, explained why his bill increased, and told him how he could lower his bill. Customer left to consider his options
Customer needed help getting his remote control to work with his TV Box. The Rep transferred him to the Video Repair department who told him he was missing certain cords needed to get the services working (he had an outdated TV) and recommended the customer go to the local Spectrum store. The Customer called back to be verified as an authorized user so that he could go pick up the equipment that the previous Rep told him he needed. The Rep was able to verify the customer as an authorized user.
The Customer was unresponsive in the initial call. The Customer called back to see why her internet bill was increased. Rep explained that the bill was increased due to an upgrade in her package so the customer said that she would probably have to cancel. The Rep told her that she could grandfather the customer from TWC into Spectrum to decrease her bill. The customer decided to stay and transfer to Spectrum.
Customer was having issues paying her bill through the automated system and the customer had questions about her package. The Rep was able to take the payment and waive the fee due to the issues she was having as well as answer all her questions regarding her package. The customer called back to adjust her package. The Rep gave a few options but the customer decided to keep her current package for the time being.
Customer wanted to make a payment arrangement on her past due bill and was transferred into billing to see if they could assist but the billing Rep explained that the company no longer does payment arrangements. The Customer called back later that night because she made a payment on her past due bill and wanted to know how long it would take to get her services turned back online. The Rep was able to help her get her services restored and noticed that the reason why she didn't receive service before was because her internet modem was turned off.
Customer called in to check and see if his services were currently active and wanted to know what the minimum amount would be for him to turn on the services. The Rep explained that his services were deactivated because his bill was past due and she told him the minimum amount that needed to be paid off. The customer called back in to make the minimum amount to activate his services and the Rep was able to assist.
Customer wanted to see what she could do to lower her bill and how much she could save by removing her phone services and her premium channels. The Rep was about to transfer the customer to Retention but she hung up while she was on hold. The customer called back for the same reason. The Rep transferred the customer to Retention because she was planning on cancelling a few of her services so Retention would be able to offer the customer plans that she didn't have access to. The Retention Rep made a few offers/recommendations and the customer opted to remove one of her TV boxes but to stick with her standard plan because there wasn't much of a difference in price with what he was offering.
Customer wanted to know if he could get a payment extension for his fathers account so that it wouldn't be disconnected before he could make the payment. The Rep told the customer that he had until the next day to make the payment before the services get turned off but that she couldn't perform an extension. The customer called back in to make a payment but was having issues with the automated system and didn't want to pay the live agent fee. The Rep couldn't waive the fee so the customer asked for a Supervisor. The Rep was able to transfer the call to a Supervisor who made a few recommendations for how to pay the bill for free but couldn't waive the fee either so the customer requested to be sent back to the automated service again and the Sup made the transfer.
Customer called in to make a payment. The Rep transferred the customer to the automated system so that she wouldn’t be charged a fee. The customer called back because the transfer wasn't completed so the second Rep transferred her to the automated system. The customer ended up calling back a third time for the same reason and got disconnected once again.
Customer called in initially and the call disconnected. The customer called back to make a payment because her services were interupted. The Rep took the payment without recommending the automated system or telling the customer that she would be charged for the call.
Customer wanted to know how long she could go before her services were shut off from a past due bill and if she could extend it. The Rep was able to tell the customer the day that her services would be shut off but couldn’t extend that date. The customer called back to see why she continued to receive reminder calls when she already spoke with the other Rep. The second Rep explained that the calls were simply reminders and to just ignore them until she makes the payment.
Customer had a service tech coming to her home and she wanted to let the company know that she was home but that she was going to be out running an errand for a moment. The customer also wanted to know how her bill was broken down. The Rep was able to make note on her account and explain how the cost of her bill was broken down. The customer called back a few hours later to cancel her service order because the service tech said that the only way that the services could be installed would include wired being wrapped around the room. That Rep said she cancelled the order. The customer called back in to make sure the order was cancelled because she didn't trust the previous Rep. That Rep transferred her to Retention to cancel the order. The Retention Rep explained that the customers order had already been cancelled.
Customer called in initially and the call disconnected. The customer called back to upgrade his standard TV box to a DVR box and he wanted a service technician to come out to switch them. The customer also wanted to order 2 large button controllers. The Rep left to process the order and the call transferred to a Video Repair Rep who was able to process the requests.
Customer called in to see if she could upgrade her internet to "wifi plus" because he noticed that there was something listed as "wifi plus" on a wifi that he had been signed into. Rep explained that "wifi plus" is just an app available to access the service through wifi hotspots. The customer also wanted to know what her wifi password was and how to change her password on her online account. The Rep explained that she didn't have access to the customers wifi password and she was in the middle of explaining how to change her online account password but the call disconnected. The customer called back a few hours later because she needed help setting up her myaccount and a new password. The Rep was able to help the customer set up her account with a new password.
Customer needed help verifying the security code on his account because he lost all of the information that would allow him to verify it. The Rep gave the customer a customer code to help him verify the account. The customer called back in a few minutes later to get credit on his account because there were errors on his bill (TV and Internet services were disconnected and the Internet services weren't meant to be and was charged for the deactivation). The Rep was able to credit the customers account and made note of the error.
Customer was curious why her first bill was so high when she thought it was supposed to be lower. The customer also wanted to make a payment and get a credit on her account due to her inability to use her cable services for a week because she was given the wrong box and had to order another one. The Rep spoke with a Sup and discovered that the customer was double billed so he recommended she just split the bill in half, was able to credit her $10, and was able to transfer her to the automated system to make a payment. The customer was transferred back to another billing Rep and she wanted check on the date she needed to pay her bill and if she could make a payment with the automated system. The Rep answered the customers questions and transferred her back to the automated system. The customer called back after making a payment to confirm what the system told her (that her remaining balance wouldn't affect her services). The Rep explained that everything she was led to believe was correct.
Customer called to reschedule a service tech because she missed the call for the initial appointment. The Rep was able to reschedule the customers appointment. The customer called back to speak with the Sales Department because that’s who she believe she talked to earlier to check on the availability of a different appointment time. The Rep transferred the customer to a Sale Rep who was unable to find a time that worked for the customer and told her to just call back later to see if anything came up.
Customer called initially because she received a call from Spectrum with dead air and wanted to know why they called. The Rep didn't know why she received a call. The customer called back the next day to see if her payment that she had made the day before went through. Rep went through her recent payment history and noticed that she made a payment to the wrong account and was able to submit a ticket for the payment transfer. The customer also wanted to get the account changed so that when she called she wouldn't need to go through the process again.
Customer wanted to know if her services had been reactivated and the Rep told her that her services should be on. The customers husband called back for the same reason and the Rep told him the same thing.
Customer called in and the initial call dropped. The customer called back to try and understand what she was paying for in her current package and wanted to know what some of the other packages that were available were. The Rep was able to explain what was included in the customers plan and gave information on a few other packages. Customer left to consider her options.
Customer called in initially because she made a double payment on her account and wanted to get her a refund because she was in a dispute with her bank. The Rep said that it would take around 3-4 weeks for the payment to get returned and transferred the customer to a Supervisor to get the issue straightened out (per request). The Sup put an expedited order in to see if she could get the customer her credit faster than the 3-4 weeks. The customer called back to verify how the account would be credited when the refund was processed. The Rep explained that it would be put back directly into her account when it is processed.
Customer called in to make sure that his services wouldn't be turned off as of a certain date. The Rep told him the due date and explained that his services wouldn't be turned off as of that date. The customer called back in the next day for the same issue and the second Rep said the same thing.
Customer called in initially to get his cable to restored and said that he would make a payment on his internet on a later date. The Rep said that his services were listed as an account holder requested disconnection but not a scheduled disconnection. The customer said that was a mistake and the Rep said that he would need to pay the unscheduled disconnection past due to get his services turned on or take his internet equipment back to the store. Customer's wife called back to see what the status was. The Rep explained that the services were disconnected. The customer's wife called back in again to make a past due payment and restore services. The Rep was able to take the payment and waive the fee and attempted to transfer the customer to the Sales Department to restore her services.
Customer called in initially to process a payment on his past due bill and restore his services. The billing Rep was able to take the payment but said that the customer would need to call back into the Sales Department to restore his services. The Rep then put the customer on hold and he hung up. The customer called back for the same reason but wanted information on how to make the payment online. The Rep explained how to make the payment online and transferred the call to sales for more details on how to resolve his issue.
Customer called in initially and was unresponsive. The Customer called back to check on the status of her bill because she was in a dispute with her bank over the amount she was supposed to pay. The Rep explained what her bill was and she wanted to cancel her services because she believed that she was told a different monthly rate. The call then disconnected.
Customer called in initially to add her husband as an authorized user. The Rep was able to verify the customers husband as an authorized user. The customers husband called back in the next day to negotiate his bill. The Rep explained a few options available to the customer and then transferred him to the Retention Department to remove cable services and transition to the streaming service.
Customer called in initially because she was being charged for equipment that was returned and wanted credit on her account. Customer also wanted to switch from TWC to Spectrum. The Rep was able to fix the account issue and get a credit on her account and switch her plan to Spectrum. The customer called back her internet services stopped working after she got off the phone with the previous Rep. The second Rep was able to reactivate the customers internet but needed to transfer her to repair to register her modem.
Customer called in initially to see why her bill increased and wanted to lower it or cancel her services. The Rep explained that it increased because her promotion expired and transferred the call to retention because she couldn’t find a plan that satisfied her. The Retention Rep made the customer an offer that she wasn't satisfied with so she left to consider her options. The customer called back the next night for the same reason but she was also being charged for equipment she didn't have. The Rep was unable to find a resolution in the customers plan but transferred the call to Repair to resolve the issue in equipment charge. The customer ended up being transferred back to billing and then back to retention to cancel her services. The final Retention Rep was able to find a plan that the customer was satisfied with.
Customer called in initially for a bill explanation (he wanted to know what channels were included in his package, why his bill was so high when he believed that he agreed on something lower, and questions regarding an inaccurrate equipment charge). The Rep was unable to explain things in a way that the customer could understand and the call disconnected. The customer called back for the same reason. The Rep was able to explain the issue and gave him a credit for the equipment charges.
Customer wanted to remove channels from her package and set up security settings. The Rep was able to remove the channels from the package but couldn’t update the security settings because her son was the one adding the account and he was an authorized user but told her that she could put parental controls on manually. The customer's son called back to re-add the channels. The Rep was able to add the channels to the customers package.
Customer claimed that she sent her payment in the mail but her services were shut off so she wanted to know if they had received it. The Rep said that it takes awhile for the payment to come through the mail but that her services would turn back on when the payment came in. Another person on the customer's account called back for the same reason. The Rep explained the same thing.
Customer called in initially because she was curious how to add wifi to her account. The Rep explained the price per month of adding wifi to her account. The customer called back in a few minutes later to add wifi. The Rep explained that she would need to do an internet package to get the wifi so the customer said she would call back. The customer called back a few hours later and was transferred to sales to have the internet services added.
Customer called in because her services were disconnected after she claimed that she made a payment arrangement with another Rep. The Rep explained that the company no longer does payment arrangements so she wouldn't be able to help unless the customer paid her bill. The customer called back because she wanted to know when her services would be turned back on if she made the minimum past due payment. The second Rep explained that the services should be back after the payment was processed so not long after.
Customer called in initially to check on his billing cycle date. The Rep explained what his bill was and the due date. The customer called back with more questions regarding his bill and his billing cycle. The Rep was able to answer the customers billing questions and explained his billing cycle. The customer ended up calling back a third time a few minutes later because he wanted to know what credit card was used for his account and when the last payment was made on his account. The Rep explained that the card information isn't stored in customer accounts for security purposes but was able to tell the customer when he made his last payment.
Customer called in to make a payment to reconnect his services. The Rep transferred him to the automated system. The customer called back in because the automated system didn’t work for him. The Rep was able to take his payment.
Customer called in initially to check on the status of his service tech appointment because the service tech never showed up. The Rep explained that the service tech rescheduled, put in a request to expedite the appointment, and said that someone from the dispatch center would be calling him very soon. The customer called back a few hours later because he never received a callback. The second Rep located a dispatch ticket submission and said that a service tech should be there that day.
Customer wanted to know if reducing his quanitity of TV boxes would reduce his bill and if he was eligible to receive a promotion that came in the mail. The Rep told him that if he reduced his quantity of boxes that he would get a lower bill but that the promotion was only for new customers. The customer left angry and called back a few minutes later with the same issue. The second Rep said the same thing and the customer was upset again and wanted to speak to a supervisor so she attempted to transfer him to one but the call disconnected.
Customer wanted to know why she was being charged for a local cable channel. The Rep explained that the local cable channels still cost money through the company because they are paying the public networks to retain their channels. The customer called back about an hour later for the same reason. The Rep gave the customer further explanation that satisfied the customer.
Customer was unresponsive in initial call so the Rep disconnected. The customer called back to cancel her cable services. The Rep transferred the customer to a Retention Rep who was able to cancel her cable services.
Customer called in initially to get an extension on her due date. The Rep stated that the company no longer does extensions and he was unable to find an alternative other. The customer called in for the same reason and the rep said the same thing.
Customer called in initially because she wanted to know when her services would be disconnected, what she would need to pay to keep her services on and asked for a payment extension. The Rep told her the day that her services would be disconnected and that she would need to pay the full amount to keep it on and was able to get her a one time payment extension. The customer called back the next day to verify the extension and the Rep was initially unable to locate any proof of this in the notes but eventually verified the extension.
Customer called in initially because he wanted to know how much it would cost for him to add cable services to his package. The Rep gave the customer some options and told him that he would reimburse him for transferring services from DirecTV so the customer said that he would consider the options and call back. The customer called back to finalize the offer that was made to him by the previous Rep. The second Rep was in the process of getting him a package but couldn't finalize it because the customer had a past due amount on his bill for his internet that needed to be paid. The customer said he would pay it later and to have the package notated on the account and the Rep was able to do so.
Customer called in to make a payment and was transferred to the IVR by the first Rep but called back because the IVR didn’t work. The second Rep was able to take the payment and noted the account for credit due to the IVR issues. The customers mother then got on the phone to address issues regarding a past due amount that was found on her bill. The Rep was able to explain the amount that she would need to pay and the date that she would need to pay it to be up to date.
Customer called in to add a particular channel to her lineup. The Rep was unable to add the channel to the customers lineup because she couldn’t verify her account. The customer called back for the same reason and the Rep was able to add the channel.
Customer wanted to change his package because he believed that he had ordered all of the sports channels and didn’t have access to them. The Rep was unable to upgrade the customers account without costing him more money and the customer left angry. The customer called back for the same issue but he was also curious why his bill increased and he wanted to know why credit hadn't been added to his account after he was supposed to be reimbursed for a blackout in his area. The Rep explained that a credit had already been added to the customers account and that the increase was the standard price for his next months bill after he had upgraded his package. The Rep attempted to assist the customer in fixing the issue with his channel lineup but couldn't because the customer wouldn't cooperate.
Customer wanted to know when her last payment was, to get her services reconnected and pay her bill. The Rep was able to take her payment to reactivate her services but couldn’t tell her when her last payment was because she wasn't listed as an authorized user. The customer called back to find out when she made her last payment. The Rep was able to answer without verifying that she was an authorized user.
Customer called in initially because her internet and cable services weren't working and the Rep transferred her to Video Repair. The Repair Rep was in the process of helping the customer and the call disconnected. The customer called back for the same issue and the Rep told her that there was a service outtage in her area and that she would have someone call back when the issue was resolved.
Customer was initially transferred in by the IVR and the Rep attempted to identify why it wasn't allowing him to make the payment but couldn't find anything so he transferred him back to the IVR and notated the account. The customer back in because his services weren't turned back on after he had made the payment with the IVR. The Rep was unable to assist because the customer had a change in his plan so she transferred him to Sales.
Customer was initially transferred in by the IVR and the Rep explained that the reason for the transfer was because there was a server reboot and recommended he call back a few minutes later. Customer called back in because his services weren't working after he had just made a payment. The Rep explained that there was an outage in his area and offered a callback to let him know when the service is back on but the customer declined and said he would call back in the morning.
Customer called in because he wasn't getting a picture on his TV and the Rep transferred him to Video Repair. The customer called back the next night for the same issue and the Rep once again transferred him to Video Repair.
The customer called in initially because he didn’t believe he was getting the channels that he subscribed to. The Rep went through the channels in his package with him to make sure he had the channels and explained the contents of his package. The customer then upgraded his package to get the channels that he wanted that weren't included in his package. The customer called back about an hour later because they were having the same issue and the Rep conducted a similar process but was unable to get customer to upgrade and the customer left to consider options.
Customer called in initially to get the MAC address on his router because there was a power outtage when he had his internet initially installed and he also wanted a payment extension because he was a new customer and his services hadn’t been activated yet. The Rep was able to give him an extension since her services weren't working but ended up having to schedule a service tech because the customer internet wasn't working efficiently. The customer called back to for the same reason and the Rep was unable to assist so she transferred the call to internet repair.
Customer wanted to know if her payment was processed because she was past due and was supposed to have her accountant pay the bill automatically. The Rep explained that the payment was never received and the customer left to speak with her accountant. The customer called back in because she was having issues ordering a movie on demand. The Rep was in the process of walking the customer through how to order the movie and the call disconnected. The Rep attempted to call back but couldn't connect. The customer called back again for the same issue and the Rep was in the process of trying to walk the customer through the process and almost got her to add HBO to her package because the customer was confused and thought the only way to watch her movie was by ordering the channel. The payment didn't go through because the customer's past due amount was still active.
Customer believed that the Service Tech she had scheduled was late but the Rep explained that he was scheduled for a different time then what the customer had listed so he wasn't technically late. The customer called back a few hours later for the same issue. The second Rep explained that the Tech was scheduled for a different day and the customer wanted to get someone out the next day and to have the charges waived. The Rep was able to reschedule the appointment and have the fees waived.
Customer wanted to verify that the missing equipment charge was removed from her bill. The Rep noticed that it hadn't been but submitted a ticket to get that processed. The customer called back for the same issue. The second Rep explained that it would take a few more days to go through.
Customer called in initially to change his package because he couldn't afford it after the post-promotion increase. The Rep couldn't find a solution that the customer was happy with so the customer said he would think about what he said and would call back later. The customer called back later for the same issue and the Rep was unable to find a way to satisfy the customer so the customer requested to be transferred to a supervisor. The Rep then attempted to get the customer to a Sup but the call disconnected in the transfer.
Customer wanted to check if a payment she made through the IVR with a check went through and receive a credit because the payment didn’t show up on her online account and she got charged for the error. The Rep was unable to give the customer a credit on her account because she didn't think the error was on the Spectrum side. The customers husband called back for the same issue but explained that they have sufficient funds in their bank account. The Rep spoke with a supervisor and noticed that it was an error from the customers bank so she couldn't give them a credit. The customer and her husband called back a third time for the same issue. The last Rep explained the same thing and went back and forth with the customer and recommended the customer contact his bank.
Customer called in because she cancelled her account and she wanted to know what her ending bill amount was. The Rep went through the customers bill with her and identified an equipment (modem) charge that the customer didn’t want to pay because she didn't have the equipment so the Rep put in an escalation ticket to get the reimbursement. The customer was upset and the call disconnected. The customer called back for the same issue and the Rep told her a balance that the customer was satisfied with (the equipment charge was potentially removed). The customer called back again a few minutes later to double check and the Rep told her the same balance that the first Rep told her and said that the credit was still in processing.
Customer was having issues making a payment online. The Rep couldn't identify any issues with the online payment service so he transferred him to the IVR. The customer was then transferred to the live agent who attempted to take the payment and waive the live agent fee but it got declined so the customer said he would try the automated system again and the Rep transferred him to it. The customer called back a few minutes later for the same issue and the last Rep who attempted to take the payment and waive the live agent fee and it was declined again so she recommended the customer call his bank.
Customer requested a callback from a Rep because she was curious how much it would cost to add channels to her package and the Rep explained but said that she couldn't add them until she pays her past due balance. The customer called back to make a payment on her past due balance and add the channels to her package. The Rep was unable to add the channels the customer inquired about because to do so would alter her package to a rate that she couldn't afford so she recommended she watch the show online since it was the olympics and a lot of it was available for free.
Customer wanted to know how much it would cost to turn her services back on. The Rep told her how much she owed and when it needed to be paid. The customer called back to check how much she would need to pay after the past due balance was paid and wanted to make a payment. The Rep told her what her new balance would be and transferred her to the IVR per her request.
Customer wanted to adjust her services to internet only because her current package was too expensive for her. The Rep put the customer on hold to look at available packages and disconnected. The customer called back for the same issue and the Rep transferred her to Retention. The Retention Rep was able to get the customer a courtesy discount that lowered her bill to only slightly higher than she was payment before the promotion rolled off. The customer called back to see if she was able to get a senior discount. The Rep was unable to get the customer another discount but gave her the phone number for her to call to try to get an internet assistance discount that is available to some senior citizens.
Customer wanted to know why his bill had gone up and the Rep explained that there was a tax increase on his equipment charges. The customer called back to pay part of his bill and was transferred in by the IVR. The Rep was able to take his payment and waive the live agent charges. The customer called back to see when his next bill would be due because his roommate was moving out and he didn't think he could afford his current bill. The Rep explained that he wouldn't be charged as long as he paid by a certain date.
Customer wanted to know what her past due balance was and make a payment so that she could watch a movie on demand. The Rep was able to tell her the past due balance and processed a payment. The customer called back because she was continuing to experience issues watching movies on demand even though she made a payment. The Rep was unable to get the OnDemand back on her device so he transferred the customer to a Repair Rep who was able to assist.
Customer called in to make his wife an authorized user and the Rep was able to add her. The customer's wife called back to adjust their channel lineup to reduce the cost of her package. The Rep was able to make an adjustment that the customer was satisfied with
The Customer called in initially because he needed someone to explain his bill to him because he was past due and received different required amounts from different Reps. The Rep was able to clarifty how much was due and when it was due. The customer said he would call back later to pay the bill. The customer called back a few minutes later for the same issue and said he would call back later. The customer called back later and was unresponsive so the customer hung up the phone.
The customer called in initially to lower his bill and the Rep was able to order him new boxes for a new package that he was satisfied with. The Customer called in the next day to see when the channels that he had ordered the day before would be activated. The customer also wanted to know what he could do to lower his bill. The Rep explained that the service was being processed but that he should have the channels as soon as the boxes came in the mail. The Rep was unable to locate a package that would lower his bill any more than what it was already at so he recommended that the customer call back in a few weeks to see if a new promotion was available.
The customer called in to reconnect her services after a partial payment that she had made didn't go through and wanted to get an extension on her bill. The Rep explained that the company no longer did payment extensions so he transferred the call to a supervisor per her request and the call disconnected during the transfer. The customer called back for the same issue and the Rep ended up having to transfer the call to escalations who submitted a tickets for the missing payment but couldn't create an extension or reconnect her services until the balance was paid because her account was so many days past due. The customer was given the phone number to call to check on her ticket and the confirmation number of the ticket and left to contact her bank.
Customer called in to check on when her service tech would arrive and she wanted to make a payment. The Rep told her when her service tech would arrive and transferred the call to the IVR per her request. The customer called back after she made the payment because she only made part of the payment and she wanted to check on when she had to pay the remainder of the minimum balance. The Rep explained when she had to make the remainder of the payment. The customer called back again to have her account notated to have her tech call her before arrival. The Rep was able to notate the account. The customer called back again returning a call from Spectrum. The Rep explained that it was a service tech appointment reminder. The customer called back to verify that a payment had been made. The Rep explained that it hadn't been processed yet. The customer called back again for the same reason and the Rep explained that the payment still hadn't been processed. The customer called back wanting to know how much she had left to pay and wanted to make a payment. The Rep told her how much she had left to pay and took a payment to balance out her account.
Customer call in initially for a bill explanation and because she received a notification in the mail thanking her for changing from TWC to Spectrum when she hadn’t. The Rep explained that the customers promotion had expired so she experienced a bill increase and she was she listed as a TWC customer so he didn't know why that occurred. The Rep was also able to answer the questions she had regarding alternate packages and the customer left to consider her options. The customer called back to check the pricing on the alternative package. The second Rep offered a different package and the customer said she would call back. The customer called back into Repair for the same issue and was transferred to a Sales Rep offered another package and the customer left again to consider her options. The customer called back into billing for the same reason but was very confused by what she had available to her because everyone offered different prices and packages. The Rep attempted to assist by breaking the bill down but the customer remained upset and confused so she hung up the phone. 
Customer called in initially because she wanted to know how to change the security settings on her account so that her roommate wouldn’t be able to order movies. The Rep said that the customers roommate was the primary user on the account so she wouldn't have access to make those changes. The customer called back the next day because she wanted to know if her bill would be broken down by item and if she could remove certain items from her bill. The Rep explained that the bill would be broken down by item and that she could only add services to the bill after it had been ordered and paid for and not removed. 
Customer called in to see how much it would cost for her to remove cable services but leave her internet and phone. The Rep gave a few pricing options for changing the customers package and she left to consider her options. The customer called back a few minutes later for more information and the Rep gave her a similar response so the customer left to consider her options.
Customer wanted to let the company know that she would have her payment in by the end of the week and the Rep notated the account. The customer called back a few hours later reconnect her TV services (her remote wasn't working) even though she wasn't going to be paying her bill until the next day. The Rep explained that there was nothing she could do from her end and transferred her to video repair who explained that her TV issues weren't the result of issues with her services but on her TV itself and transferred her to the Toshiba repair line. The customer's daughter called back the next day to explain that she sent in a payment through the mail but she wasn't sure if it went through because there was a service interruption on her account. The Rep explained that the payment hadn't been received yet and attempted to put in a missing payment form but the customer didn't have enough information so she left to gather the info and call back.
Customer called in because his services were disconnected and said that he already made a payment extension arrangement. The Rep explained that she couldn't turn his services back on until he paid his bill because the system had him scheduled for disconnection was automated and she couldn't make the changes on them. The customer called back the next day to make the minimum payment and the Rep was unable to take his payment because it wouldn't go through and recommended he use the online system.
Customer called in initially to make a payment on his bill and to change his billing address because he thought that was the reason why he couldn't process a payment. The Rep explained that he would have to pay a live agent fee and he aggreed to pay it. The Rep made a few different attempts to take the payment but it wouldn't go through and she said that wouldn't be the issue for why the payment didn't go through so she left it be. The customer said he would just pay it at a local store and the Rep gave him the closest Spectrum store address. The customer called back a few hours later for the same reason and the Rep basically said the same thing and the payment didn't go through once again. 
Customer called in to see why his internet bill increased and to see if there was anything he could do to decrease his bill. The Rep explained that his promotion rolled off and offerred a transition to Spectrum internet for $5 more a month and $10 more a month for wifi with faster internet. The customer requested an escalations Rep and the call disconnected during the transfer. The customer called back and immediately requested an escalation because of the disconnection. The Rep attempted to transfer the call to a Sup and it disconnected as well. The customers wife called back for the same reason and the Rep gave her information on different options and she left to consider her options.
Customer called in because his cable services were disconnected and he wanted to know why because he believed that he made his payment on time. The Rep explained that there wasn't an issue with his bill and that there was an outtage in his area so he said he would have someone call him when the outtage was over. The customer called back a few hours later because his cable was still out and he wanted to know why and if he could get the charges waived for the time the service was out. The Rep explained that the outtage was still active and that she would put his name on the callback list but she couldn't remove the charge for the time he was out of service unless it was at least a full day outtage.
Customer called in to make a payment on his account and the Rep told him she would need to charge him a live agent processing fee and the customer accepted. The Rep was unable to process the payment because it didn’t go through with the card he gave so he left to handle it on his end. The customer called back a few hours later to see how much it would cost him to change his package and how he could do a contract buyout. The Rep gave a few options and explained that he would need to submit a form to be able to do a contract buyout. The customer left to consider his options. The customer called back again a few hours later to inquire about the contract buyout and the Rep explained how the process works in more detail and what he would need to do to qualify.
Customer called in to see why her bill increased and the Rep explained that she experienced the increase because her promotion rolled off and offered a different package. The customer was angry and wanted to cancel her services. The Rep then transferred her to a Retention Rep who was able to cancel her services. The customer called back requesting to speak to a Sup because she said claimed she only cancelled her services because the Retention Rep she initially spoke with irritated her. The Rep attempted to offer her a few different packages and the customer opted to just cancel her phone (and potentially her internet if she couldn't receive a discount) and leave her cable and the Rep transferred her to Retention to resolve the issue. The Retention Rep made a few offers and the customer wasn't satisfied and asked for the services to all be cancelled so she left angry. The customer called back into billing again for the same reason and the Rep transferred her to Sales to reinstate her account because it was deactivated. The Sales Rep explained that she could add a new customer on her account to lower the cost of the bill and was in the process of restarting her cable services for the time being per her request and the call transferred her to a Bulk Rep after she was on hold for too long. The Bulk Rep cancelled out the work order to have her services deactivated so they could turn back on.
Customer called in to see what her balance was, why it increased, and what she could do to lower her bill. The Rep told the customer her balance and said that it went up because she experienced a raise in the price of her boxes and broadcast TV surcharge. The Rep also gave options for what she could do to lower her bill (remove one of her cable boxes). The customer wasn't satisfied and decided to keep her plan but requested a transfer to the IVR to make a payment and the Rep obliged. Customer called back because she was transferred from the IVR and the Rep transferred her back. The customer was brought back from the IVR and the final Rep was unable to satisfy her.
Customer called in to remove channels from his package and the Rep was able to assist. The customer called back requesting a transfer to retention to adjust his services because his bill was too high and he wanted his account notated. The Rep was able to transfer the call and notate the account. The Retention Rep was unable to assist him so the customer hung and said he would call back. The customer called back several times for the same reason and the Reps pretty much all gave him the same response.
Customer called in to check on his bill status because he changed his package on a previous call and the prices he was given weren't updated on his online account. The Rep was in the process of helping him and the customer said he had to leave and hung up. The customer called back for the same reason and the second Rep noticed the change on his account and transferred him to Retention who explained that the Rep he spoke with accidentally quoted him at the new customer pricing and he would need to remain at the standard customer pricing so he requested a transfer to escalations and the Rep was able to process the transfer. The customer ended up calling back a few days later for the same reason and that Rep essentially told him the same thing.
Customer called in because he wasn't get channels on his Spectrum TV App that he believed he were in his package. The Rep transferred the customer to Repair to assist and the call disconnected. The customer called back for the same issue and the Rep transferred him to Repair again. The Repair Rep was unable to help him so she transferred him to the Applications Department and that Rep was able to to assist him.
Customer called in because he experienced a  bill increase and he wanted to know why. The Rep put him on hold to look up his account and the call disconnected. The customer called back for the same reason and the second Rep explained that his promotion expired and he was now being charged for cable boxes. The customer said that was given a deal for free "cable boxes for life" and the Rep left to speak with someone at the helpdesk to get the situation figured out who told him that he couldn't be given free boxes for life because the system wouldn't allow it. The Rep explained that to the customer and the customer thanked him for his time and left.
Customer called in initially because her bill increased and wanted to know if she would be able to get her promotion re-applied. The Rep explained that the promotion rolled off and she didn't have another promotion available so she transferred her to Retention to cancel her services per her request. The Retention Rep attempted to get her another promotion and the customer wasn't satisfied so she left to consider her options but wanted to be transferred to the IVR to make a payment and the Rep sent her there. The customer called back unresponsive and the Rep hung up. The customer called back a few times to see if another Rep would be able to help her lower her bill and ended up hanging up after requesting a transfer to Retention to cancel her account.
Customer called in to make a minimum payment to keep his services online and requested a payment arrangement. The Rep explained how much it would cost and how long he would have before the interuption would occur and that she couldn't do a payment arrangement so the customer left. The customer immediately called back for the same reason. The Rep essentially explained the same thing so the customer requested to remove some of her boxes and the Rep was able to process the order to get the boxes removed. The customer called back again a few minutes later to verify how much disconnection and reconnection fees would be and when his services would be disconnected. The Rep told him there was no fee to disconnect, there was variation in prices for reconnecting, and he also told him when he would be disconnected.
Customer called in to remove a channel from his lineup and the Rep was able to assist. The customer called back for the exact same reason and the Rep was able to assist. The customer called back again and was unable to work with the Rep because she said there was routine maintenance going on and she couldn't access his account.
Customer wanted to make sure that his services were going to be delivered because the Rep he spoke with when he made the order never sent him an email confirmation number like he said he would. The Rep was able to look up the customers order status and gave him a confirmation number. The customer called back because he believed he ordered the silver package and his bill showed something different. The Customer also wanted to know how to view his channel lineup. The Rep explained that he did have the silver package it was just broken down on his bill by contents and it didn't state that it was the silver package. The Rep was also able to explain how to view the channel lineup.
Customer called because his internet was out and he believed that he had just made a payment. The Rep said that the last payment that they received was a few months prior. The Customer asked what the minimum payment to turn his services back on and if he could get an extension. The Rep was able to tell him what was due but that she couldn't give him an extension. The Customer then attempted to make a payment but it wouldn't go through. The customer called back the next day because his services weren't reactivated after he made a payment to turn them back on. That Rep was unable to find a solution so he transferred the customer to internet repair. The internet repair Rep was able to get the services turned back on.
Customer called in to check on the status of her bill after she cancelled her the cable services on her account. The Rep explained her remaining balance and how to save the most money and time and told that she should probably make the payment to maintain her credit score and reconnect her services. The customer said she would call back. The customer called back to make the payment and verify her account status. The Rep was able to take the payment and transferred the customer over to sales to get the customers services reactivated but the sales department was closed so she called back to verify that she was good to go. The Rep explained that she would need to call back when the sales department opened back up. The customer called back looking for the sales department and accidentally went into Retention and the Retention Rep was able to help her get her services added back and transferred her to TV repair to help get them reconnected. The Repair Rep ended up having to schedule a service tech.
Customer called in initially to check to see if the credit that he was promised was added back to his account. The Rep put him on hold to look up his account and the call disconnected. The customer called back for the same reason and that Rep was able to add the credit to the customers account because it wasn't added but it was referenced in his notes.
Customer wanted to know when her next balance was due and wanted to re-schedule her disconnect date. The Rep explained when her next balance was due and clarified how the disconnection date worked and left it active until the initial date. The customer called back because there was a mix-up on the first call and the customers services were disconnected before she wanted them to be so she was trying to resolve it and get them turned back on. The Rep transferred her to Sales who was able to resolve the issue.
Customer wanted to know why her bill was so high when she thought she agreed to something lower and wanted to see if there was anything she could do to lower it. The Rep explained that the customer had several movies ordered on her account. The customer then asked for assistance on how to set up security settings as well as a credit on her account for the movies ordered because she didn't know that her children had ordered them or that a code could be entered to prevent it. The Rep walked her through setting up a pin and then sent her to Video Repair to go over how to get further credit/reimbursement on her account/change account to lower bill. The Repair Rep was in the process of assisting the customer and the call disconnected so she called back into billing and the Rep was able to talk to a Supervisor and get the customer a partial credit on her account.
Customer called in to see why there was automatic payment process made to Spectrum for the month when she already paid for it. The Rep explained that she had auto-pay set up and she called back and paid into the IVR and that there was another charge on her bill that she had incurred for a bounce-back in processing. The customer and the Rep ended up having different billing statements so the customer asked her to remove auto-pay as she thought that might be the issue. The Rep was able to remove auto-pay but explained that she would need to contact her bank and file a dispute with them. The customer called back a few mins later for more information on the same issue and the Rep ended up putting in an escalation ticket and told the customer that someone would call her to resolve the issue.
Customer called in, immediately hung up and called back to see why her bill increased. The Rep explained that the customers promo ended and that her bundled services increased in price. The customer then requested that the promo be re-applied because she was a long-time customer. The Rep was unable to find a solution that the customer was satisfied with so the customer left to consider their options. The customer called back a few hours later to for the same issue and was transferred to a Retention Rep who was able to help the customer by applying another promotion that she was satisfied with.
Customer had called in previously because her services were interrupted even though she claimed to have made a payment arrangement. That Rep explained that her account was delinquent and there was nothing she could do to override it until she made the payment. The customer hung up and called back and the Rep was able to reconnect her services but she couldn't log into her wifi so she called back and that Rep transferred her to Internet Repair who was able to assist. The customer called back several more times because the services kept getting disconnected and she finally called in to cancel her account. That Rep was able to reconnect her services but said that her services would likely be disconnected again within the next day or so.
Customer had called in previously and was unable to verify her account so she had the Rep transfer her and the call disconnected. The customer called back when she had the appropriate verification and she was curious why her cable wasn't working. The Rep explained that her services are registered with a different address and had been for months so someone has probably stolen her identity. The customer was in the middle sorting the issue out and the call disconnected again. The customer called back and requested to file a complaint for the disconnection and the issue with the stolen identity. The Rep gave her a number to call. The customer called back for the same reason and became frustrated with the Rep so she called back and the Rep explained that she was past due on her account as well and said that the customer would need to make a payment on the account even though it was fraudlent and the Rep was able to get the issue straightened out by disconnecting the other address and maintain the information on the new address/account. The Rep told the customer call back the next day and speak with a sales agent when they open to have the issue straightened out. The customer called back the next day to get information on the local store to have them assist and the Rep was able to give that information.
First call is about why her bill went up, due to rate adjustments, second call she just wanted to pay on the IVR but got connected to a rep
Originally called and is made about general channel fee. Calls back later due to a service charge when the Tech did not complete a repair.
The customer is making changes to his plan, however he keeps haning up and rep shopping when they go to transfer him, calls tech support for help due to wifi issues that occurred when switching from TWC to Spectrum
The customer is rep shopping about an offer he "heard" about in store and is since calling back in to get the offer.
Was calling about making sure services would not be turned off and wanted to pay the minimum amount
Wants to disconnect phone and cable, rep shopping, changes plan and calls back in because the spectrum app was not working for her.
Woman lost her husband and moved in with her son and is trying to clear the old balance, claims this is a hard process for her since her husband was the main account user even with her being an authorized user.
The customer is upset about adult movies being on her account when she nor her husband or daughter allegedly ordered them and wanted them removed from their account.
Customer called in after receiving a disconnect notice. He told the first agent when the payment would be paid. 2 hours later, he got another disconnect notice and was concerned.
First call was about an equipment upgrade and the call dropped which resulted the 2nd call.  Second call was to transfer  the internet to a new address. Third call was about internet speed and connection issues.
Customer called nine times in 2.5 hours. She called to ask why we charged $5.00 for agent assistant pay. Then a few calls to shut off off service. The client kept hanging up during the call and calling back, not sure why. Finally called back to pay her bill.
Called earlier in the day about a late payment. Made payment and all services except internet came back on, called back in to find out why the internet wasn't working. 
"Called yesterday to put a hold on TV and internet while on vacation. Got a confirmation claiming the hold was on TV, internet and phone. Customer did not want to hold the phone. 

"
Called in yesterday and was told no interruptions, starts sending notices when close to disconnection date. Had to call back in to get it working again.
Wife called yesterday about billing but they wouldn't speak to her because she wasn't an authorized user on the account. Husband called the next day to add her as an authorized user, and now she is questioning about a promotion that was supposed to go through and hasn't.
Called yesterday and was supposed to be called back and wasn't. Called yesterday about internet not getting set-up, was supposed to be escalated and customer never heard back. (Other Call IDs: 11111190571516398951, 00074121511516399521)
Spoke to a rep yesterday that gave options including cancelling service with TWC and signing up with Spectrum under wife's name to get new customer deals. Trying to get prices lower to get closer to competitor (google fiber) deals/ get cost down.
Called yesterday and quoted for a switch from TWC to Spectrum. Calling back to make the switch. 
Called last night because of internet not working because of a bill that needs to be paid on the 17th. They said internet should be fine, but now is not working again today. 
Called yesterday about bill, stating that as long as it was paid on time there would be no interruptions. Customer experienced interruption and has to call in and get it fixed. Home phone: 660-8757
Called yesterday to put account on hold, going to winter home, wife is not authorized user, so had to get husband to call in to make her an authorized user. 
Service has been cut off and shouldn't have been, customer states they were supposed to have credits to their account. Not sure where the account stands, or what the credits are.
Called yesterday and was assured internet wouldn't be shut off until Friday, but had to call in next day because it was shut off. First rep was wrong about the shut off date. 
Called yesterday and didn't have the money to pay the past due, was looking for an extension about due date. Second call inquiring about restoring services and if there are any fees.
Customer had charges on the bill that they didn't know why they were there. Rep told the customer yesterday that a manager would call him and they never did.
Called yesterday because they wanted to take wifi off of account, but changed mind and called back in to get it re added. 
Called three times already and was told someone would call back and no one ever did. Customer is trying to get money back (reimbursement), account is being overdrafted because of wrong charges. 
Called yesterday and paid past due balance, service still has not come back on.
Called yesterday to reduce bill after promotion ended, put in a work order for switching to Charter basic package. Called back to cancel, wanted more channels.
Customer was annoyed with the first rep that answered the call and ung up to call back and get a different rep.
Called yesterday to have box upgraded and a new modem, set up an appointment and no one showed up, applied a missed appointment credit.
Customer having trouble making final payment on account. Later calls back in to confirm payment went through.
Called in yesterday to have a box turned on but the rep said the customer has not payed bill, customer calls back claiming he still has not gotten bill for this month.
"Talked to someone earlier about paying overdue bill tomorrow, but now TV isn't working, had to call back in to get it turned back on.

"
Received a bill yesterday that went up for no reason. Called yesterday and was promised a call back from a supervisor which never happened.
Spoke to someone yesterday about the bill and was told they had to pay by Saturday to avoid interruptions. Came home today and just the internet was shut off. Customer did confirm that internet would be fine until Satruday.
Wanted to pay bill tomorrow even though it was due today, didn't have account number or security code. Had to find a bill and call back.
Called in to find out what the past due balance is to keep services on. Says mother-in-law is going to call in and pay the balance. Customer also wants to transfer the service but can't do that until the past due balance is paid. Called in a second time to see if payment went through, it wasn't showing on the account so the customer was transferred back to IVR system to make payment. Called in a third time to sales to get service transferred.
Customer called in to find out how much she needed to pay of past due bill to get service turned back on, said she would call back. Customer calls back in to pay bill and is then transferred to sales to get services reconnected. Sales gets service reconnected but customer forgot password so she was transferred to Tier 3 - R to get password reset, then remembered password.
Customer called into billing after getting a notification to call in to restore services due to an overdue bill. Customer said they would call back after transferring money around, asked about lowering price on bill but was not offered any assistance with that. Paid bill and cable was restored. 
Customer was told a payment was made by a Discover card and the customer claims they don't have a Discover card so they don't know where that payment came from. Third party payment? 
Called in originally to add a cable box to the account. Billing rep called over to retention because it wouldn't let her add another box, retention rep added it to the account and shipped it to the customer. Customer hung up and called back into billing while on hold to figure out what happened with his box.
Customer needs to make a payment, was going through the automated system but was transferred to a rep. Rep transferred customer back to automated system. Keeps sending her to a rep because she isnt' making a full payment and it won't restore services without a full payment. Call escalated, supervisor waived the $5 fee and took the customer's partial payment. 
Claiming the bill was higher than it should be because they already paid the past due amount. Statement was issued before the payment was made. Called back because customer wanted to add a channel their TV service, decided against it. 
Customer called in for a replacement remote, rep put in a request to have one sent by mail. Customer calls back into billing because she received an email about a change of service after the first call. Bill went up because a promotion ended, not related to the remote in the initial call. Transferred to retention so she could remove some services (phone) from her account. 
Customer called in asking for Chinese interpreter, hung up, and called back in to billing twice. On the third attempt customer remained on the line for a translator, calling about bill. Customer does not know how much they pay a month.  Also did not know if payments were made through card or banking account. Had an overdue balance. 
Customer called in about bill. Had to pay late fees because of a late payment, services were interrupted in January. Customer called back into billing for technical problems and was transferred to repair. 
Calling about tax exempt status for church, should not be charged taxes but they are on bill. Transferred to a lead, customer hung up and called back in to another billing rep after they got a recording. Rep gave the customer information about the process they have to go through to get taxes removed. 
Customer called in to ask why bill went up, claiming it has gone up twice before. Charge on boxes went up another dollar, customer has three boxes. Customer complained about prices. Called back into billing, claiming he had a problem with his bill, claiming that is keeps getting higher. (Rep shopping). Asking questions about lower package options.
Customer asking about removing some channel options to lower price. Transferred to retention because rep said he was having trouble seeing the whole account. Retention rep removed a box for the customer. Called back into billing because after the box was removed, customer was transferred to repair to get it fixed.
Called in because bill went up unexpectantly. Promotion ended, customer wants to see if he can lower price again. Customer hung up on rep and called back into billing after the rep told him that there were no lower prices available. Was angry when the second rep also could not give a lower price and hung up on them as well. 
Customer called because bill increased $10 and customer would like to lower it, rep told them there were no new promotions at this time. Customer called back in to another rep to try and get their payment lowered again, new rep also told them there were no promotions available currently. 
Called to find out about different internet options and to remove some TV channels from account. Seems like call was disconnected, so customer called back in to anther rep. Rep has to transfer customer to retention  to get the cable removed as customer only wants to keep internet.
Customer called in to get channel 90 added to their services, rep says channel is unavailable and customer says they had it before so they should be able to get it again. Called back into billing to another rep to ask about the same channel. Customer was transferred to repair, repair rep told the customer the channel was available in a certain package and then told them that package has been discontinued. The channel is only available through Spectrum and not TWC, transfers the customer to retention. 
Customer paid a check in person to the Spectrum office and the check was declined. Customer does not know why the check was declined. Customer called back in to billing after talking to her bank, who said there was no reason for the check to be declined. Rep walked customer through possible situations and customer decided she would go back to the store to pay again.
Customer wanted to get a payment extension on their bill, rep told them they couldn't give an extension. Customer called back in and was disconnected.
Customer called in to inquire about a past due balance that they didn't think should be there. Customer had a past due balance from before December that was not paid. Customer was disconnected from first rep and called back into billing for another rep to explain to her what was going on with the bill. 
Customer was disconnected from first rep and called back in. Confusion was over the price of the bill. What customer didn't understand was that they are charged the initial installment fee and first month, and then a couple weeks later they get the bill for next month (charged in advance).
Customer called with confusion about bill, stating that it is too high, customer was disconnected from first billing call, customer hung up on second call after being on hold for over 2 minutes. Same problem as above call (What customer didn't understand was that they are charged the initial installment fee and first month, and then a couple weeks later they get the bill for next month (charged in advance).)
Customer needs to change address on the account, missing suite number. Customer also wanted to know if they could make a payment over the phone. Customer called back in to a rep after having trouble using the IVR system. Transferred to business billing rep to help make payment. 
Customer called to question why her bill has gone up, she claims that the offer shouldn't change. Rep went over the price increase with customer and discussed options with the customer to reduce bill going forward. Customer was not happy with options and claimed she is going to call around to other cable companies. Customer called back into billing to ask about another promotion, was told that was only for new customer, rep transferred customer to retention after she said she would cancel her services. Retention rep reduced price for customer by removing some TV services, csutomer still claims she is going to shop other services.
Customer called in to make a payment, said they had no internet. Rep found an old address but didn't find any information on it being activated at the new address. Rep called over to another agent for help and then the call ended.
Customer called in because bill went up $10, rep told them there were no additional offers at the time to lower their bill. Customer asked to speak to a supervisor, who told the customer there were no additional deals. Customer called back in to billing asking to disconnect services, was transferred to retention. Retention rep said caller was not listed as an authorized user and would have to have husband call back to add her to the account. 
Customer called to see why bill increased, end of promotion. Customer inquired about new packages to lower the bill, but only option was to drop TV service to a lower tier. Customer called back into another billing rep who gave the customer the same options. Customers husband called the next day about the same thing. Ended up removing extra cable channels and just went with the basic package to reduce price.
Customer's services aren't working, have an overdue bill, but shouldn't be disconnected yet. Modem was offline, call got disconnected and the customer called back into repair. Call with repair agent ended and the customer called back in this time to Bulk Repair, was transferred to billing about possibly setting up a business account in order to get a technician out sooner. 
Customer wants to cancle triple play package and just keep internet since they travel often. Decided to keep current TWC plan because it's a better deal. Rep transferred customer to IVR system to make a payment. Customer called back into billing because when she went to make a payment it was a lot higher than the price she discussed with the rep on the first call. Decided because of the higher price to change plan to just internet, was transferred to retention. Retention rep changed services to only internet and set up an appointment for a tech. 
Customer received a offer in the mail for a promotion deal and wanted to switch to that, rep informed them it was only for new customers. Customer wanted to speak to a supervisor, so rep transferred them. Escalation specialist explained similar situation to customer, and she went to a retention rep who offered them the lifeline program to help with cost, as well as send a tech out to check on her internet. Customer called back in to billing to get information from Spectrum to send to the people at Lifeline. 
Customer can't get into online account. Rep transfers customer to repair to assist him in getting into his account. Helped customer get his username figured out. Customer called back into billing to ask about how the payments work when you discontinue service during a billing cycle. The customer is moving out of apartment soon. 
Customer called in to remove a TV tier from their service because the channels they wanted had moved to the basic package. Customer called back in to billing because she didn't have all the channels she thought she should. 
Customer called into billing and then was disconnected. Customer called back in to billing because service was disconnected, trying to see how much they owe. Rep told them that even when service is suspended they are still billed, and that he needs to pay past due by tomorrow in order for service to not be fully disconnected. 
Customer wants to upgrade internet speeds and add his wife as an authorized user to the account. Called back into billing because he said the updated internet speed did not take, and now it's not working. Upgrade had gone through so they transferred to repair to help customer get it fixed. 
Customer called in because TV service went off due to a problem with the auto payment. Customer was disputing a past due chrge because no one can tell him what the charge is for. Rep let customer know the auto payment was not the problem, it was the past due charge. Customer didn't know the last 4 digits of the card on file to pay the past due charge so he hung up. Customer called back in to billing and the rep let him know the past due balance was from back when the customer had TWC. Called back in a third time to billing with son, made payment and service will be restored. 
Customer wants to pay bill, rep transferred to IVR system. Got sent to another billing rep who sent her back to IVR system. Called back the next day claiming the IVR system does not understand her. 
Customer called in to get an account switched from his name to hs mothers name. Rep sent him paper work to fill out and send back in for a CA landline tha the wanted. Customer called back in about the same problem, rep informed him that the account is already in his mother's name, and that the forms are already on the way to him.
Customer called in because her TV stopped working, was part of a bulk account at a complex. Maintenance guy was put on the phone and said he was going to have someone call back about the account. Customer called back because of a message on her TV. Transfers customer to repair. Customer hung up on call. 
Customer called in to make a payment on an account with a check, she needed to be transferred back to the automated system. Customer was sent back to a representative from the IVR again, customer made payment through the second representative. 
Customer called about bill increase, rep lets him know that he had a promotional discount and that there are no other discounts he can have. Calls back in the next day to billing and the rep gave him the same information. Called into billing again, and was transferred to retention.
Customer called into billing and asked for a korean translator. Call was cut off, customer called back in to billing a second time. The customer was asking about the bill which said she could upgrade her speed by paying an additional $20 a month. Customer wanted to check to see if there were any lower prices, and rep let them know that they had the cheapest package currently. 
Customer called to question autopay. He said he set it up but it didn't pay this month's bill. Also had question about the packages for cable. Customer decided to drop Tier 2 since the cable packages have changed around. Customers wife called back later in the day because the automated system wouldn't take her debit card. Rep explained how to pay the bill online. Customer called back into billing about the payment, saying she can't login online to make the payment. Ended up being transferred back to IVR, and was transferred back to another billing rep. 
Customer wants to add two boxes to account. Customer also asked questions about how much their bill is and why it went up, to which rep informed them that their promotion ended. Call was disconnected. Called back in and got an order set up for the two boxes and self install. 
Customer says that someone was supposed to come pick up equipment from and no one has shown up yet. Transferred over to repair.  
Customer called in saying bill was high. Asked if the bill would lower if he removed one box and the telephone. Also inquired about promotions, rep says that there were not any at the time. Called back into billing saying he didn't want one box and the phone anymore and wanted to know what the bill will be. Prices would go up becuase he would change from TWC to Spectrum services. Customer was transferred to retention.
Customer wants to cancel cable services for next month and wants to know when they need to cancel by in order to not be charged for the next month. Transferred to retention, and was disconnected. Called back into billing, who transferred back to retention, call was lost again during transfer. Called back into billing and was sent to retention again. Was told that she had to return equipment to the store. Customer asked to speak to supervisor. She wanted to know final bill amount, and continued to question why she has to take equipment to the store and why no one will pick it up. Customer agrees to take it to the store and loses conenction. Calls back into billing and asks where the nearest store location is. 
Customer is trying to make payment through automated system and was sent to a rep. The rep told the customer about *99, and transferred customer back to IVR. Customer was transferred back to a billing rep a second time. Customer decided to just drop off a check in person. 
Customer called in about increasing bill, wanted to know if she could get a lower rate for 6 months to help manage. Doesn't want to get rid of any services, just lower price. Rep says there is nothing they can do and the customer says they will look at other companies. Customer calls back into billing to cancel service. Call was disconnected. 
Customer wants to know why bill increased, rep informed him that promotion ended. Customer says they will shop around and cancel Spectrum service. Husband called back about bill increase into repair, transferred to billing. Customer continues to not be happy with price and wants to disconnect services, and is transferred to retention. Customer disconnected before transfer was completed. 
Customer called in to make a payment, rep transferred to automated system. Customer was transferred from the IVR to another billing rep. Customer was having problems with the IVR. Rep advised him to press *99 so he doesn’t have to talk to him. Rep then transferred him back to the IVR. 
Customer wants to know why bill went up $11. Customer hung up while the call was on hold. Customer called back in about the same issue. Rep says that the customers promotion ended. Customer said that if the price was going to go up it was time to go to Verizon. Customer asked to speak to a supervisor and rep took down number so supervisor could call back. 
Customer wants to see how she can reduce bill, and saw something about a free modem online. Rep says that is only for Spectrum customers not TWC, and that customers bill would go up if she switched to Spectrum. Customer says she will be going to another service. Customer calls back in to ask about a call they received from customer service, and said they filed a complaint with the FCC. 
Customer says they need to send back a modem through UPS but needs an account number. Rep gives customer their account number. Customer called back in and said that was the wrong number and they needed a 6 digit Spectrum account number. Rep was advised that FedEx does all the Spectrum shipping. Customer asked to speak to manager. Tells customer to go to Fedex, let them know you have Spectrum equiment. 
Customer says services were turned off due to not paying the bill, customer says he is going to pay tomorrow but wants to know if they can turn services on today. Rep let him know that the system won't return services until there is a payment made. Tried to run credit card and it wouldn't go through. Customer called back in to make payment. 
Customer has questions about low income billing. Rep referred customer to the internet assist department. Calls back inot billing about price. Rep informs customer that she is on a discounted rate already, but her bill is higher because she is only making partial payment.  Said last time she called she was told she would have an additional $10 off. Rep found the information and applied the credit. 
Customer called in asking for retention. Claiming bill is too high and wants to know if there are any promotions, says services are too expensive. Customer said he would shop around. Called into another representative and had a similar conversation and rep said there were not promotions at the time. 
Customer called in to ask if she paid the minumum amount due if it would turn her services pack on. The rep said that it would and she could pay through him or the IVR. Said she would call back into IVR. Called back into billing, said she made a payment but her service still wasn't working. Rep got everything turned back on. 
Customer called with questions about the pricing on a service that she is getting installed. Customer called back into billing to ask more questions about pricing such as wifi chrges, etc. 
Customer called in to find out how much of her bill she owed today. Called back in to billingafter making payment to find out when her next bill is coming out so she doesn’t end up being in the same situation where she is making late payments. 
Customer called in about a higher price on the bill than what was discussed on initial set up call. Call was disconnected. Customer called back in to billing with the same problem. Had wifi fees taken off bill because the customer has own router.
Customer called about an installation appointment, technician has not shown up. Agent found out the estimated arrival time, saying the tech was on the way. Customer called back into billing later to add a channel to the package. 
Customer is calling about increase in bill, said he was not aware that it was a promotional price and that he would not have switched services from Verizon if he knew the bill would increase. Rep informed him he could return equipment to store and close out account. Called back into billing to see if there were any other promotions he could get. Rep told him there were no other promotions he could use, customer said he would shop around.
Customer wanted to know why bill was more than last month, rep explained increase. Customer also inquired about making it so telemarketers can't call her landline. Customer had rep transfer her to IVR system to make a payment. Customer was transferred back to billing from IVR system. Asks rep if he can take the payment and waive the fee since the IVR isn't working, rep says no and customer hangs up. 
Customer called in to find out how much they owe, said they can't pay online because the account is closed now due to them moving. Customer wanted to put a note on the account that he will go to the store on Monday to pay. Called back into billing later to find out how much he owes again. 
Customer has not received bill yet, was also having trouble logging into my Spectrum account. Call was disconnected while rep was trying to help customer. Transferred customer to repair in order to get login information so he can go online and pay bill. 
Customer got spectrum TV with the free 30 days promotion, and claims she was told that she wouldn't be charged until it was activated. Now she is disputing the charge because she never used it. Rep couldn't give credit so she was transferred to supervisor. Supervisor removed service and removed past charges. Called back into billing becuase she got a notification about her bill and just wanted to let them know she had just mailed it in. 
Customer called in to pay the minumum balance due on her account. Customer was transferred to IVR system to make payment, and then calls back in to billing to add a TV promotional deal to account, decided not to accept the deal. Called back into sales department, because she did not think the billing agent knew what he was talking about. Purchased a TV/Internet package from the sales rep. 
Customer cancelled service but still received a bill. Still received a bill because they have unreturned equipment. Called in to another rep, saying she returned the equipment and was told she has a prorated amount she will be credited, and asked about when she would receive it. 
Customer called in to make payment, wanted to pay through IVR but couldn't find credit card, said she would have to call back and hung up. Customer called back in with card and made payment through agent, who waived the fee. 
Custome called to verify information they heard when they called into the IVR about the bills in the past and what is coming up. The customers cell dropped service so they had to call back in. 
Customer called in because services are not working. Call was disconnected. Called back into repair and was transferred to billing. The customer paid a bill through a third party and the payment had not been received yet so the services were cut off. Customer wanted to restore service stating she had sent in the confirmation number, all reps informed the customer that services could not be restored until the payment was actually recieved. 
Customer called in saying she has to call in every month about an NHL package that she never wanted, and was then charged $115 this month again, even though it was supposed to be removed already. Customer was disconnected on the first call when rep tried to get a supervisor, called back in.
Customer called because bill increased, claims he cannot pay the increased price. Was mad that the rep wouldn't offer any promotions because "they always did in the past". Customer called back in to another rep later. Called back in a third time and talked to another billing rep, decided to keep current package.
Customer called in to find out if her payment had arrived yet. Rep noted account so the customer would not be charged a late fee. Called into repair twice because her phone went out temporarily. Called into billing again to ask about the payment arriving again.
Customer called in to see how much it would be to add specific channels to the package, is not the account holder but wanted information to tell the account owner. Called back in with  account owner to get final pricing, account owner became angry that pricing went up because her promotion ended and wanted a new one, rep said they couldn't do that, and the customer demanded a supervsor. 
Customer called in to remove cable and phone services, only wants internet after divorce. Is transferred to retention and has the services removed. Customer calls back in because she thought she lowered her internet speed and changed her mind and wanted a faster speed. 
Customer had a restriction put on the account, talked to a supervisor yesterday who put in a ticket about getting the restriction removed. Customer was calling to check on the ticket, rep said that it had not been responsded to yet. Customer called back in about the restriction again and got disconnected. Called into billing a third time and was told that the department that handles account restrictions is not open on the weekend and that she should call back on Monday. 
Called in twice to billing about repair issues - was transferred twice. 
Called in about bill, was transferred to IVR and was transferred back to an agent multiple times. Anytime a rep that sounded like they weren't from the US answered the customer demanded to be transferred to someone in the United States. 
Customer wanted to activate equipment that they got in the mail. Called back in because he was told on the last call that he had a past due balance but he can't because he is a new customer. Wanted to get it cleared up, was disconnected from rep and called back in. There is another account associated with the address and phone number of the customer. Changes phone number on account. 
Customer was interested in roku, but rep says they still have to have internet and cable. Customer wanted to lower price, went through different options with the rep. Called back in about services, wanted to ask about what services she has. Called back in about chagning to just internet and decided to go and make changes at the store. 
Rep was supposed to call back yesterday, was supposed to have a credit, and cancel services. Customer was confused about what was going on with account. Customer wants to be put back on the package she was on before the cancellation for her inconvenience. Transferred to supervisor, who she tells an agent yesterday was giving her the 400 mb internet for a low price. Is transferred to retention because that is who she spoke with yesterday. Retention supervisor gives the customer the price she was told yesterday on 400 mb internet.
Said she already paid the bill so she doesn't know why it is still showing a balance. Rep tells the customer that they never received the payment and that she should double check with the bank. Customer then asks about bundling service for a package. She also inquired about a free trial, and the rep says there is a 30 day guarantee. Rep set up customer with a box shipping to adress. Customer says they will call back later. Customer called back after she talked to her bank, who said that there is no reason why TWC wouldn't have cashed the check yet. Also wants to know what it would cost to bundle TV package with internet. 
Customer wanted to know if there are any promotions on HBO and how much it would be to add to the account. Asked rep to add HBO. Decides to check how much HBO GO would be instead, calls back in later to officially add it to the account. 
Customer said he wasn't receiving billing statements. Rep submitted a ticket to get another bill sent to customer. 
Customer missed the survey call yesterday and called back in because he wanted to take it. Rep says that they can't do that because it's random. Customer then called back in to make sure the channel he cancelled yesterday was removed, and called in another time to ask about taking the survey. 
Customer called in about problems with TV, was transferred to repair, said it was a scam because they didn't have caller ID. Called back into billing and was complaining about the price, rep said there is no way to lower bill. Customer claimed it was a scam and that's why the company uses a PO box, so someone can take some of the money. Calld back into billing about bill. 
Customer wanted to talk to supervisor because she wanted to make a partial payment. Rep let customer know that they do not do partial payments, but she would transfer her anyway. Rep let customer know she has to make entire payment by March 8th in order to not have service cut off. Call was disconneted. Called back to ask about how much she owes again the next day. 
Customer wants to lower bill, rep removes a movie pass and Hustler in order to lower the bill. Called back in because he said Starz was removed and he wanted it back. Called in a third time, because he didn't specify that he wanted the Starz Encore channel not the Starz movie channel. 
Customer was transferred to an agent while trying to use the IVR, rep transferred them back to the IVR. Second call was the same problem and customer was sent back to IVR again. Third call rep talked about automatic payments with the customer and ended up sending back to IVR. Called back in later and asked about why the bill and the IVR are saying different payment amounts. 
Called about internet price, said it was expensive, is going to switch over to Spectrum to get faster and cheaper internet. Also asked about broadcast channels. Called back in to another rep to go over options again, ended up chosing internet and basic cable. 
Customer wants to know what she needs to pay to get her service back on after medical problems. Wants to know if she can make partial payments. Is transferred to a supervisor because she requested it after the rep said they can't turn on service without all the past due balance paid. Supervisor goes through all the billing with the customer. 
Customer called in to save money on bill, rep offered the streaming service for basic cable, then she called back in because she lost channels and wasn't told. 
Customer called saying that service was supposed to be restored due to a death in the fmail but it hasn't happened yet. She also wanted to make payment arrangements. Rep says they can't restore service until the full payment is made. 
Customer called in about pricing if they cancel TV and phone and just do internet and Spectrum streaming. Transferred to retention department for pricing. Discussed streaming options and customer decided they needed to look into channels and will call back. 
Customer called in because bill went up, wanted another promotion. Rep said that there were not any other promotions at the time. Called back with another question about the bill. 
Customer wants to pay cable bill, cancel cable, and keep internet. Retention department was closed so rep just transferred customer to the automated system so she could pay bill. Customer called back in about cancelling cable and rep informed her again that retention department is closed still. Put a note on her account and told her she could take her equipment to the store when they open and finish cancelling service.
Ghost Call first. Called back in because she was missing channels that she was supposed to have. Transferred to repair to figure out why she wasn't getting channels. Transferred back to billing to get a credit for the days her cable wasn't working.
Called in and asked for a Korean translator. Customer was disconnected. Second rep said they did not have the language available. Called back in to billing and wanted to change address on account. 
Customer wanted to transfer internet services to new apartment. Had an overdue bill that had to be paid first to get services restored. Customer wanted to do partial payment which is not an option. Customer said she had to talk to husband. Called back in asking about paymetn again and if the services could be turned on today if she paid. Rep said a tech would have to go out to the new location to set up internet.
Customer wanted a credit because he claims he was charged interest even though he has autopay set up. Called back in to lower TV service and ask again about getting a credit. First rep told him that its because his card expired and he didn't update it on time. Talked to a third rep in billing and go this auto pay figured out.
First call was a ghost call. Late payment, when does he need to pay bill by. Customer called back to ask about lowering services, but rep said that he had to pay bill first before he could change anything. 
Customer wanted to connect to the hot spot and couldn't remember what their spectrum account password is.  Billing agent had to transfer to another department. 
Called to make payment. Transferrd to IVR which then transferred customer back to rep. Second rep took the payment over the phone with no charge.
Initially called about closed services, customers payment was reversed, caller called bank and learned that the bank never received a payment request from Spectrum
Initial call was disconnected mid sentence; Payment questions
Initially called to get a quote on adding Starz and added it. Then called back the next day to swap out Starz for TMC.
Called to inquire about declined payment. Called a second time because the caller is not listed as an authorized user. Caller posed as the account owner during the second call.
Called to inquire about bill, transferred to pay biill over IVR, which then transferred customer over to rep.
Called in to complain about inaccurate information both times. Customer stated that she was informed that she had until 5pm before her services would be disconected. Customer was not please with the first rep that she spoke with.
Both calls were about services being disconnected. He made a payment through a third party. Customer will have to wait three to five business days for services to be re-connected. Caller was upset because this happened last month and he was able to fax in a copy of his receipt and reconnect services, however the notes indicated that that was a one time courtesy.
Called both times about contract with Direct TV being paid off by Spectrum. Customer didn’t really understand the process to complete the contract buyout.
Called in both times about changes made to her account (promotion falling off of her account and being placed into the retail price). Caller wanted to speak to the same supervisor from the first call. Customer is upset that she wasn’t informed that her promotion was falling off. Bill went from 150-200 to 500.
Initial call was to confirm the amount the customer needs to pay to reconnect service. Second call was to reconfirm payment amount and to ensure that service would be immediately reconnected upon payment.
Called to make payment through automated system but transferred to a rep on both calls. Caller will go into a location to make the payment.
Called to make payment. Transferred to IVR which then transferred customer back to rep. Second rep took the payment over the phone with no charge.
Called to make payment. Rep transferred caller to automated system which then transferred the caller back to a rep. Customer made payment with rep, but wasn't informed of te $5 fee.
Called to make payment rep transferred customer to automated system which transferred customer back to the rep. Rep walked the customer through the IVR system to ensure it works.
First call was to learn if/when his service would be interrupted for a late payment. Second call was to get bill credit. Customer states he accidentally ordered video on demand because he was not informed on how to use the remote. Caller was given $10 courtesy credit then transferred to technical support to set parental controls to avoid video on demand calls.
Called into billing to activate service, transferred to video repair. The second was was to activate service, but call dropped.
Automated payment system over the phone brings customer to her business account and does not allow her to make a online payment for her residential account. If she pays for the residential account with a representative she will get charged with a $5. She is unable to pay for the residential account online. 
The Automated payment system took the customer to the customer rep both times instead of prompting her to pay for the bill. Escalation stayed on the automated system with the customer to ensure the payment was completed.
Called to make payment through automated system but transferred to a rep on both calls, customer advised to place phone on mute and dial all number to avoid any background noise. Customer is being shown two accounts. Second rep waived the $5 fee and takes the payment from the customer.
Called to inquire about the last bill, but was transferred to make payment before getting a good explanation of the charges. Ultimately the customer ended up in sales and the customer made the payment with the rep.
Customer called in two times to reinstate his services for his delinquent account. Ultimately he was transferred to sales where a rep verified that the payment was made to the third party. 
Called twice to change number so that the technician for the installation has the number.
Called to pay off closed account, transferred to IVR which then transferred customer back to rep
Initial call was disconnected mid sentence; Check on status of reimbursement
Initial call was disconnected mid sentence; Get services reconnected after making payment
Both calls were in regards to paying the caharged off balance and re-connecting service
Called into billing bc his internet is not working; customer recently paid past due balance. Rep got the nonpay disco cancelled and informed customer that services would come on within the next 10 minutes. Caller called back into billing bc services not on, customer is transferred to repair and they get his internet working again.
Called into billing bc the bill continues to increase. Customer cancelled dvr service. Calls back to find a location to return the DVR box.
Calling to inform that she'll pay the past due amount in a few days and wants to cancel 2/3 of services. No changes can be made bc customer is on a disco non pay. Customer asked to be transferred to supervisor. Customer calls back to make payment through IVR but is transferred to agent bc of her disco non pay status. Customer is then given an address to a retail location to make the payment there.
Customer calling in to find cheaper plan. First call was disconnected, called back for the same issue and got some services removed.
Customer called bc of increase in price. Bill increase due to promotion ending. Customer transferred to sales then to customer solutions. Customer solutions offers a plan that is $4 cheaper under Spectrum but gets disconnected. Customers calls back into billing and explains different options. Customer will call back after considering options.
New client. Called into billing to get a lower quote. Transferred to sales, then transferred to retention, rep changed her confirmed order to internet only. Caller called back to change service appt, then inquired on a plan for low income.
First call was disconected. Second call was a bill inquiry. Rep explained charges based on changes in the service during the middle of the billing cycle. Caller wanted to be transferred to a supervisor who further explained the charges. Third call was the same bill inquiry. Customer will wait for the bill credit. Customer was initially given incorrect information as far as the billing amount at the storefront.
Caller called in bc of a disco non pay. He called in a second time after speaking with his father since the father makes the payments on the account. Caller was advised to get the card info for the payment made and call back to locate the payment.
Called in to reduced services so that monthly payment is $200 or less. Spoke to a first rep that downgraded internet services but got disconected with the customer. Caller called back and the second rep gave different information and adjusted the account. The customer then called a third rep bc the first two reps contradicted one another.
Called in to make payment. Transferred to IVR.
Called in to make payment on 4 different times. Given the number for IVR twice. Transferred to IVR twice.
Called in to  find out about price to have internet services only. Then called back to find out for current monthly price along with the price for internet services only. Then called a third time for the same info. Customer states that the first two reps weren't "approachable." Caller is rep shopping.
Called in to make payment through IVR. Transferred to rep 3 times. 3rd rep took the payment and waived the fee.
Called in to setup autopay, then transferred to IVR to make current payment but was transferred to a rep. Customer made payment with rep and paid $5 fee.
Called into billing for technical issues, transferred to repair, scheduled truck roll. Called back into billing to reschedule truckroll and is transferred to repair to complete the reschedule.
Called into billingtwice to downgrade services. Call dropped both times before customer was transferred to retention.
Called in because the bill is higher than normal. Rep explained that the promo is ending along with increase in fees. Customer called back later and was transferred over to retention.
First call disconnected after 30 seconds. Customer called to see when her services would be disconnected due to non pay. Called back in to inquire on bill amount due.
Called into billing bc customer is having trouble with her phone. Transferred to repair and disconnected while trouble shooting. Customer calls back into billing and inquires about payment due then transferred back to repair. 
Called in for a bill explanation. Promotional discount ended. Transferred to retention. Customer was unresponsive so rep ended the call. Customer calls back into billing and transferred back to rentention but no resolution was found.
Called in to downgrade services and bill explanation. Then called back in to cancel cable, transferred over to retention.
Called in for bill explanation but call was disconected. Rep explained that promo ended during the second call. Customer plans to terminate services.
Called in to inquire on payment due and wants to stop getting promotional information. Transferred over to IVR to make a payment but transferred to rep. Second rep took the payment since it is the customers last payment and he will not be charged the $5 fee. Education opportunity for the first rep.
Called back bc she missed a call. Transferred to IVR to make payment. Called back to make changes to the account.
Customer wanted to know the latest date to pay her bill before disconnection. Then called back to say that she would not be able to pay half the bill like she originally planned and inquired some more about a late payment.
Called in to inquire on payment due, then attempted to make a payment but the payment was not accepted. Customer called back to inquire on payment due a second time. Third call was disconnected. Customer called a fourth time for the same thing. And confirmed the card that had the chargeback. Called  a fifth time to confirm the latest payment date before disconnection. Customer called in a sixth time to inform Charter that his bank did not cancel a payment and his card should not have been charged back. The last rep explained that the charge back was from November and not January like all of the previous reps have stated. Customer finally understood the issue.
Rep Shop. Called in to inquire about bill payment due. Asked the first rep to waive the late payment fee. Called back for the  same reason. Second rep waived the late payment fee.
Called in bc internet is not working. Customer wasn’t happy with service and called back, stated that she would cancel her services. Calls back into billing and inquires on the price to  add cable, but not happy with that response so she calls back again. Interested in the internet assist program.
Both calls were a payment due date inquiry. Caller wants to know the latest date before services are cancelled.
Rep Shop. Customer called 3 times for the same info. Promo is ending and is inquiring how the bill will change and how she can keep it affordable. 3rd rep assisted caller in getting an acceptable plan that is also affordable.
First call ghost call. Customer called in bc she is unable to sign in.
Customer called in to say that he would pay the account tomorrow and would like an extension. However only a payment can be done to stop the disconnection. Customer calls later in the day to make the payment and restore services.
Customer called in to make payment. Asked to be transferred to IVR. Customer called back in bc she didn’t have checking account information on her and asked to be transferred back to IVR. Rep stayed on the phone with the customer to ensure she properly made the payment.
Called in to find out why services were disconnected. Then called back to have services reinstated before making a payment.
Called bc she received an email stating that her check payment was returned. Called back to make payment through IVR bt was transferred to rep. Rep took payment over the phone and waived the fee.
Calls in to make payment but there is a restriction on the account. Customer confirmed extension. Calls back in bc services were disconnected. Customer attempts to make payment but it is not accepted. Customer calls back a third time to make the payment.
Called in twice to confirm that she did not miss the tech. Third call was a ghost call. Fourth call the customer called in to find out where the tech was but appt was rescheduled by the tech. Customer transferred to sales and re-informed that the appt in rescheduled due to additional work required.
Called in bc services arent working. Rep informed him of a soft disconnect. Customer attempted to setup autopay but account is restricted. Customer transferred to IVR. Customer calls back in to make payment. Second rep informs customer that there is a restriction on the account bc a previous payment was returned. Rep got the restriction removed and took the payment from the account.
Called in to downgrade services to basic cable but changed her mind by the end of the call. Called in a second time to inquire on just phone and internet service.
Called in bc telephone and cable not working after making a payment. Transferred over to repair. Customer calls back in bc services still not working after  hard reset. Transferred back over to repair.
Called in bc he previously asked that the telephone services be removed from his account. Transferred to Retention. Called back bc call was disconnected. No changes made bc of bundling discount.
Called in to inquire about the increase in bill and other services being provided. Customer calls back a second time about the sports pass services and has it removed from his account.
Called in bc of a bill increase. Promo ended. Customer asked to betransferred to a supervisor but disconnected the call. Customer called back to find out what she could do to decrease her bill.
Call in to inquire about increase in bill due to promo ending, rep explain that she was rolled into the next available promo. Called later to learn if she qualified for any other promotion. Rep shop.
First call ghost call. Called in to reconnect a seasonal disconnect. Customer calls back to do a full disconnect.
Called in to remove a channel but caller isn't authorized. Caller called in again to complete the requested action.
Customer states that previous rep quoted internet only at a different price. Call was disconnected. Caller called back, rep confirmed that she was not misquoted. Customer then inquires on new promos.
Called in to cancel account due to increase in bill. Transferred over to retention and informed of a different plan. Customer called back in to inquire on how to cancel account and return box. Called in a third time to make changes to account, transferred over to retention.
Called to inquire about fee/increasing bill. Called a second time to find out when billing period ended to transfer services. Transferred to retention.
Called in to get an extension on payment due date. Call disconnected. Then called in bc she is not able to log in to make a payment. Then called back to make sure services wouldn’t be disconnected after setting up a payment for the next day.
Called in to make payment but there is a restriction on the account. Called back in to disconnect.
Called in to find information on reconnecting services. Called back to make the payment and complete the reconnection. Transferred to sales, cancellation, then back to sales.
Called in to get info on schedule tech appt. Two appts scheduled bc changes to the original appt was not made correctly. Called back when tech did not show up. Appt was rescheduled.
Wanted more info on seasonal disconnect on 2 of 3 services. Called back to permnently disconnect 2 of 3 services will call back to complete action.
Called into repair with billing questions, transferred over to billing. Called back into billing three times. Rep shopping. Customer didn’t get a clear understanding of past due balance until the last rep.
Called in bc of bill increase. Rep told customer to call back to try to get a supervisor to approve of waving the late fee. Then Called back a third time bc credit was not visible on account.
Called bc bill went up, looking for new promotion. Transferred to retention where he was set up for new plan. Called back severeal bc he is missing channels when he was told everything would stay the same. No resolution.
Called in bc bill increased due to promo ending. Called back to downgrade services but action not yet completed.
Called in to make payment, transferred to IVR. Called back into repair bc internet is not working. Customer made payment to a different account due to mixup with phone number. Services were restored. Calls back several times bc internet still not working. Ultimately a truck roll was scheduled.
Called in twice to check on available promotions since his own promo is ending soon.
First call ghost call. Second call was to reconnect services previously on a seasonal disconnect.
First call ghost call. Second call was to make payment. Customer transferred to IVR
Caller sent to collections called to find out more info on paying the amount due and reconnecting services. Theres also an issue with services at the customers address under a different customer. Customer Transferred to sales to reconnect services, then back to billing attempt to set up a payment plan to reconnect. Called back to find out the serial numberto the cable box.
Called in three times about missing channels. Last rep in repair was able to assist caller. First reps in billing asked customer to wait and be patient.
Called in to make payment, call ended before customer could provide complete card info. Called back to complete action.
First Call, ghost call. Second call customer not authorized. Third Call customer's daughter  gets answers about the bill by posing as the customer.
Initially called in bc she was unable to dial a number out. Customer was calling the wrong number. Called back  to confirm bill amount. Called a third and fourth time to program remote.
Called to make payment and asked about bill increase. Transferred to IVR. Makes payment with second agent and is then transferred to sales and tech support for re-connection.
Called into billing to adjust bill to get lower price and is immediately transferred to retention. Not an authorized user so no changes were made. Calls back into billing to get more information.
Caller wanted to know how much money is needed to re-connect services. Rep gave inaccurate information and customer called back when services did not come back on. Second agent informed the customer of the previous agents error and informed the customer that she would have to cancel payment with the bank if she wanted her money back. Customer called in a third time to speak with a manager that honored what the previous agent stated and restored the customer's services.
Caller called in but could not get the information she needed, so she tried again where the agent informed her on the latest that that she could make her payment and avoid disconnection.
First two calls were ghost calls. Customer simply wanted to understand her monthly due.
Calls in both times to let Spectrum know that she has the money and will pay the bill but is waiting on reliable help to get to the store to make the payment.
Customer tries to make payment through IVR (3 times) but is not successful. Customer ends the call stating that he is not going to make the payment.
Customer called in to find out why she is getting additional channels. Also to find out the latest date to pay account ot avoid disconnection. Called back after receiving a call stating that she is past due and needs to make a payment now. 
First call ghost call. Agent began to process payment before informing customer of fee but customer did not want to get charged a fee. Customer informed agent that he to make payment through IVR and got transferred to the agent. Agent then gave customer advice on how to complete the process and redirected the customer to the IVR system.
Customer called to make payment but does not want to pay the fee. First agent transfers the customer back to the IVR system. The second agent realizes that the customer cannot pay the account through the IVR due to a disco nonpay and takes the payment, waives the fee and informs customer of the other ways to pay her bill.
Asked to be transferred to IVR. Ask about payment due and upset that she is being billed more than she was told. Called back to make a payment and aked to be transferred to IVR, no resolution.
Customer calls in for zip code needed to set up auto pay. Customer calls back to get additional information on setting up auto pay.
Called in to set up auto pay but there is a restriction on the account. Customer learned that there is a reversal fee on the account and called back later to try to get the charge removed, agent submitted escalation ticket. Transferred twice to IVR to make payment. Customer also unsuccesful with making payment through IVR. The agent waived the fee.
Called in to make payment for closed account. Shortly after the customer received a call from collections for the amount due so the customer called back to verify that payment was completed.
Calls in to add service. Inquires about cheaper rates and begins to switch from TWC to Spectrum but call is disconnected. Second rep informs the customer that she would also need to get the Tier 2 package to ensure that the package remains the same.
Called into billing for issues with services. Initially transferred to the wrong  repair department. Repair says that everything is working fine. Transferred back to billing to get a discount for poor quality services. Billing transfers customer back to repair to complete resolution. No resolution since customer does not want to get a truck roll to get the same information and no action. Customer calls back to find out how the bill will be prorated once she disconnects the account.
Customer called in initially because her bill increased and she wanted to know why as well as what she could do to lower. Rep explained that the premium on the customers triple play went up and gave options for what the customer could do to lower it. The customer wasn't satisfied so the Rep attempted to transfer the customer to Retention but the call disconnected.  The customer called back to verify whether or not a change from TWC to Spectrum would require a service tech to come to her home and she also wanted to make sure that her services wouldn't have issues by transferring. The Rep was able to answer her questions and switch her over to Spectrum.
Customer called in to make payment but unable to do so through IVR but he was transferred back to IVR. Customer then explains that he believes it is bc he recently moved. Second agent takes the payment.
Customer called to find out how to return modem. Called a second time to get more information on the process of returning the modem.
Called to make payment with agent but unable to make payment due to restriction on account. Called a second time to make payment and is transferred to IVR then back to agent and completes transaction with a different method of payment. Agent waives $5 fee due to difficulties with IVR.
Customer calls every few hours to add or delete different services.
Has issues with wifi, transferred to repair. Once in the repair queue, she brings up the fact that she was quoted a different amount from her current bill. Transferred to a supervisor, who then transferred her to retention to cancel services.
Customer called to see what she could do to decrease bill. Called back to confirm changes were made.
Called in to see if services could be reconnected with by paying a portion of what is due. Called in the second time for the same question. Customer misunderstood how the grace period would work.
Customer wanted to make a promise to pay to turn on services. Customer called back to make the payment once he was told that he had to make a payment to get the services back on. Transferred to IVR to make payment.
Billing inquiry. Customer charged for services that she didn’t want, and wanted to confirm that she was not billed for those services. Called a second time once she realized that thee is an amount on the bill that she did not agree with. Agent submitted a request to get the charge removed.
Called to decrease price of bill, agent explained option but no changes made. Called in a second time to see the cost of making specific changes and learn more on what needs to be returned.
Customer called in bc payment did not show up on bill. Called back for another bill explanation a second time.
The customer called in initially to verify that her account has been closed and to obtain details on her final balance. The customer also wanted to add internet to another account but the Rep couldn't authenticate the customer because she wasn't listed as an authorized user. The customer called back in to add internet services (rep shopping because she wasn't authorized or authorizing) and the Rep was able to add the services to her account.
The customer called in initially because he recently changed his package and believed that he was given the wrong pricing from another Rep. The Rep explained that the changes that were made increased the pricing on other parts of his package and that is why he experienced and overall increase. The Rep then transferred the customer to account specialist to get the issue resolved. The escalations rep got the customer remove streaming to decrease his bill. The customer called back in a few hours later to see if he could get better pricing if he re-added his streaming service. That Rep was able explain what the customer would have to pay if he kept his streaming service and the customer decided to leave the disconnect order in place.
The customer called in initially and the Rep couldn't verify the customers account so the customer requested to be transferred to another billing rep who could explain the verification process better. The Rep attempted to transfer the call but the call disconnected. The customer called back in a few hours later to find out why her services were disconnected. The customer believed that she had paid her bill and that her identity was stolen. The Rep and the customer went back and forth with an escalations Rep who was attempting to assist the customer with filling out a fraud/identity theft form. The customer discussed speaking with her landlord regarding someone stealing her identity because she didn't believe the escalations rep. The call then disconnected when the customer was explaining this to the escalations rep.
The customer called in initially to cancel her sports package and revert to her old package but the rep couldn't verify her account so she couldn’t make the changes. The customer called back in a few hours later when she had her account information but the call disconnected. She called back a third time and the rep was able to resolve the issue.
The customer called in initially but was unresponsive so the Rep had to hang up the phone. The customer called back to get a confirmation number from her previous payment and the rep was able to give it to her.
The customer called in initially to see how much it would cost her to add international calling to her plan and the rep added it to her account. The customer called back in to verify the cost of her international call. The rep was unable to help the customer until her my account was updated. The customer also wanted to know how much her bill was and when it was due and the rep was able to tell her.
The customer wanted to know how he could pay his bill and the rep gave him options. The customer also wanted to know if he could turn his services back on without payment.The rep told him that was impossible. The customer called back in to verify when his services would turn back on if he made a payment immediately and the Rep told him that he would get his services back on immediately after the payment was made.









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































